Esma Sultan is the name of three daughters.
The three daughters are daughters of three Ottoman Sultans.
Esma Sultan was an Ottoman princess.
Esma Sultan was born on 17 July 1778.
Esma Sultan died on 4 June 1848.
Esma Sultan was the daughter of Sultan Abdul Hamid I.
Esma Sultan was the sister of Sultan Mustafa IV.
Esma Sultan was the sister of Sultan Mahmud II.
Esma Sultan was the adoptive mother of Bezmiâlem Sultan.
Esma Sultan was the adoptive mother of Rahime Perestu Sultan.
The Laleli Mosque is an 18th-century Ottoman imperial mosque.
The Laleli Mosque is located in Laleli, Fatih, Istanbul, Turkey.
Laleli Mosque is also known as Laleli Camii or Tulip Mosque.
Gevheri Kadın was born on 8 July 1856.
Gevheri Kadın died on 6 September 1884.
Gevheri Kadın was the fifth wife of Abdülaziz.
Abdülaziz was the 32nd Ottoman Sultan.
Gevheri Kadın was the mother of Şehzade Mehmed Seyfeddin.
Gevheri Kadın was the mother of Esma Sultan.
Şehzade Mehmed Seyfeddin was a member of the Ottoman Empire.
Esma Sultan was a member of the Ottoman Empire.
Esma Sultan was an Ottoman princess.
Esma Sultan was born on 14 March 1726.
Esma Sultan died on 13 August 1788.
Esma Sultan was the daughter of Sultan Ahmed III.
Sultan Ahmed III was the father of Esma Sultan.
Esma Sultan was the daughter of Zeynep Kadın.
Zeynep Kadın was the consort of Sultan Ahmed III.
Esma Sultan was the half-sister of Sultan Mustafa III.
Esma Sultan was the half-sister of Abdul Hamid I.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is a mosque in Algiers, Algeria.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is located very close to Algiers Harbor.
The Arabic name for The Great Mosque of Algiers is الجامع الكبير.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is also known as Jemaa Kebir.
Jemaa Kebir means Great Mosque.
An inscription on the minbar testifies to the fact that The Great Mosque of Algiers was built in 1097.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is known by several other names such as Grand Mosque d'Alger, Djamaa al-Kebir, El Kebir Mosque, and Jami Masjid.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is one of the few remaining examples of Almoravid architecture.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is the oldest mosque in Algiers.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is said to be the oldest mosque in Algeria after Sidi Okba Mosque.
The Great Mosque of Algiers was built under Sultan Ali ibn Yusuf.
The minaret of The Great Mosque of Algiers dates from 1332.
Some sources state that the minaret of The Great Mosque of Algiers dates from 1324.
The minaret of The Great Mosque of Algiers was built by the Ziyyanid Sultan of Tlemcen.
The gallery at the outside of The Great Mosque of Algiers was built in 1840.
The construction of the gallery at the outside of The Great Mosque of Algiers was a consequence of a complete reconstruction of the street by the French.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is a historic mosque.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is located in Istanbul, Turkey.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is a popular tourist site.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque continues to function as a mosque today.
Men still kneel in prayer on the mosque's lush red carpet after the call to prayer.
The Blue Mosque is a popular name for the Sultan Ahmed Mosque.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque was constructed between 1609 and 1616.
The construction of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque occurred during the rule of Ahmed I.
The Külliye of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque contains Ahmed's tomb.
The Külliye of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque contains a madrasah.
The Külliye of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque contains a hospice.
Hand-painted blue tiles adorn the interior walls of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque.
At night, the Sultan Ahmed Mosque is bathed in blue as lights frame the mosque's five main domes.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque has six minarets.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque has eight secondary domes.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque sits next to the Hagia Sophia.
The Hagia Sophia is another popular tourist site.
Esma Sultan was an Ottoman princess.
Esma Sultan was born on 21 March 1873.
Esma Sultan died on 7 May 1899.
Esma Sultan was the daughter of Sultan Abdülaziz.
Sultan Abdülaziz was the husband of Gevheri Kadın.
Gevheri Kadın was the mother of Esma Sultan.
Gevheri Kadın was the daughter of Salih Bey Svatnba.
Esma Sultan was the half-sister of Abdülmecid II.
Abdülmecid II was the last Caliph of the Muslim world.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha was born in 1757.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha died on 7 December 1803.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha is also known as Tayazade Damat Küçük Hüseyin Pasha.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha was an Ottoman statesman.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha was an admiral.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha served as Kapudan Pasha from 11 March 1792 to 7 December 1803.
Kapudan Pasha is the title for Grand Admiral of the Ottoman Navy.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha was a 'damat' to the Ottoman dynasty.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha married an Ottoman princess named Esma Sultan.
The Esma Sultan Mansion is a historical yalı.
The term 'yalı' translates to 'waterside mansion' in English.
The Esma Sultan Mansion is located at the Bosphorus in the Ortaköy neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey.
The Esma Sultan Mansion is named after its original owner, Esma Sultan.
The Esma Sultan Mansion is used today as a cultural center.
The Esma Sultan Mansion was redeveloped.
Great Eastern Conventions, Inc. was an entertainment company.
Great Eastern Conventions, Inc. produced comic book conventions.
Great Eastern Conventions, Inc. was most active during the years 1987-1996.
In New York City, the Great Eastern shows filled the gap between the mid-1980s demise of the annual Comic Art Convention and Creation Conventions.
The establishment of promoter Michael Carbonaro's annual Big Apple Comic Con occurred in 1996.
From 1993 to 1995, Great Eastern hosted two New York City shows annually at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center.
Great Eastern also ran shows in New Jersey.
Great Eastern also ran shows in Pennsylvania.
Great Eastern also ran shows in Massachusetts.
Great Eastern also ran shows in Oregon.
Great Eastern also ran shows in Minnesota.
Great Eastern also ran shows in Texas.
Big Stone Gap is a 2014 American drama romantic comedy film.
Adriana Trigiani wrote and directed Big Stone Gap.
Donna Gigliotti produced Big Stone Gap.
Altar Identity Studios is a subsidiary of Media Society.
Big Stone Gap is based on Adriana Trigiani's 2000 best-selling novel of the same name.
The story of Big Stone Gap is set in the actual Virginia town of Big Stone Gap circa 1970s.
Big Stone Gap had its world premiere at the Virginia Film Festival on November 6, 2014.
I Love NY is an Indian romantic comedy film.
I Love NY is also known as I Love New Year.
Radhika Rao and Vinay Sapru directed I Love NY.
Sunny Deol and Kangana Ranaut star in lead roles in I Love NY.
Bhushan Kumar and Krishan Kumar produced I Love NY.
I Love NY was produced under the banner of Super Cassettes Industries Ltd.
I Love NY was extensively shot in Mumbai.
I Love NY was extensively shot in New York City.
I Love NY was extensively shot in Bangkok.
The main plot of I Love NY was taken from the Russian romantic comedy 'The Irony of Fate' (1976).
I Love NY released on 10 July 2015 after numerous delays.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy is a 2006 film.
April Hunter is a star of Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy.
Joanie Laurer is a star of Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy.
The Romantic comedy film Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy premiered in New Jersey on December 1, 2006.
The Romantic comedy film Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy premiered in New York City on December 1, 2006.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy was released on DVD in the United States on April 17, 2007.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy was released on DVD in the United Kingdom on April 17, 2007.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy won an 'Honorable Mention' award at the New Jersey International Festival awards after the film's DVD release.
The release of Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy is being handled by Victory Multimedia.
Hamish & Andy's Gap Year is a comedy series.
Hamish & Andy's Gap Year is a Logie Award winning comedy series.
Hamish Blake and Andy Lee are a pair of Australian comedians.
Hamish Blake and Andy Lee travel to various international locations.
The first season of Hamish & Andy's Gap Year saw Hamish Blake and Andy Lee visiting America.
The first season of Hamish & Andy's Gap Year consisted of ten episodes.
Hamish Blake and Andy Lee broadcast their show weekly from New York City during the first season.
The second season of Hamish & Andy's Gap Year was titled 'Hamish & Andy's Euro Gap Year' in 2012.
Seven episodes of 'Hamish & Andy's Euro Gap Year' were broadcast from The Lord Stanley.
The Lord Stanley is a disused pub in East London, England.
The third season of Hamish & Andy's Gap Year was known as 'Hamish and Andy's Gap Year Asia' in 2013.
The third season of Hamish & Andy's Gap Year was broadcast from a bar in Bangkok, Thailand.
The bar in Bangkok, Thailand is called 'The Raintree'.
Sex and the City is a 2008 American romantic comedy film.
Sex and the City is advertised as Sex and the City: The Movie.
Michael Patrick King wrote and directed Sex and the City.
Michael Patrick King made his feature film directorial debut with Sex and the City.
Sex and the City is a sequel to the 1998-2004 HBO comedy series of the same name.
The HBO comedy series is based on the book of the same name by Candace Bushnell.
The book was written by Candace Bushnell.
The story of Sex and the City is about four female friends.
The four female friends are Carrie Bradshaw, Samantha Jones, Charlotte York Goldenblatt, and Miranda Hobbes.
Carrie Bradshaw is portrayed by Sarah Jessica Parker.
Samantha Jones is portrayed by Kim Cattrall.
Charlotte York Goldenblatt is portrayed by Kristin Davis.
Miranda Hobbes is portrayed by Cynthia Nixon.
The four female friends deal with their lives as single women in New York City.
The series often portrayed frank discussions about romance and sexuality.
Nola is a 2003 American romantic comedy film.
Alan Hruska wrote and directed Nola.
Nola depicts the struggle of a young woman trying to survive in New York City.
The young woman is looking for her birth father.
Nola premiered in New York City on July 23, 2004.
Kingston Morning is Dave Eggar's 4th solo release.
Kingston Morning was recorded in Brooklyn, New York.
Kingston Morning was recorded in Kingston, Jamaica.
Kingston Morning was recorded in Big Stone Gap, Virginia.
Kingston Morning was released by Domo Records.
The song 'Itsbynne Reel' was nominated at the 53rd Grammy Awards.
'Itsbynne Reel' was nominated for 'Best Instrumental Arrangement'.
Clinton is a city in Big Stone County.
Big Stone County is located in Minnesota.
Minnesota is a state in the United States.
The city of Clinton was named for DeWitt Clinton.
DeWitt Clinton was a New York Governor.
The population of Clinton was 449 at the 2010 census.
The New York Society of Model Engineers was originally incorporated in 1926 in New York City.
There are published records that show the New York Society of Model Engineers existed as early as 1905.
In its early years, the New York Society of Model Engineers moved to and from various locations throughout Manhattan.
At that time, the New York Society of Model Engineers was basically a gentlemen's club of members who were interested in all types of model building.
In 1926, the New York Society of Model Engineers was formalized and incorporated under the laws of the State of New York.
The incorporation of the New York Society of Model Engineers was done so that the Society could obtain a permit to use a lake in New York City's Central Park for model motor boat races.
It was also at this time that the New York Society of Model Engineers began construction of its first Model Railroad called 'The Union Connecting'.
Over the next twenty years, the New York Society of Model Engineers moved from its original location to two other locations.
Each move doubled the size of the previous location and doubled the size of the model train layout.
During World War II, many members of the New York Society of Model Engineers were called to service in the Armed Forces.
Regrettably, the largest of the layouts of the New York Society of Model Engineers had to be dismantled.
The location of the layout in the basement of the Astor Building was requested for the war effort.
The dismantling of the layout was done with care.
Salvaged usable materials from the layout were sent into scrap drives for the war effort.
As members of the New York Society of Model Engineers returned after the war, a new location was searched for.
This search led to an invitation from the Lackawanna Railroad to move into their Passenger Terminal in Hoboken, New Jersey.
The Lackawanna Railroad had the space for what would become the largest model railroad in the world at that time.
The space was the ornate waiting room for the recently discontinued ferry boats to 23rd Street in New York City.
Here, the layout of the New York Society of Model Engineers was built.
The layout was based on the Lackawanna Railroad from Hoboken to Scranton, Pennsylvania.
The layout was magnificent, featuring a scale model of the Hoboken Terminal and the soaring Delaware Water Gap.
During the early 1950s, the New York Society of Model Engineers moved to its current location in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
SF9 is a South Korean boy group.
SF9 was formed by FNC Entertainment.
SF9 is the first dance boy group to ever debut from FNC Entertainment.
SF9 debuted on October 5, 2016.
SF9 debuted with the release of their first single album 'Feeling Sensation'.
Cha Sun-woo was born on September 5, 1992.
Cha Sun-woo is better known by his stage name Baro.
Baro is a South Korean singer.
Baro is a rapper.
Baro is an actor.
Baro is the main rapper of the South Korean boy group B1A4.
Baro debuted alongside the group on the stage of MBC 'Show! Music Core' on April 23, 2011.
Baro made his acting debut through the hit 2013 cable drama 'Reply 1994'.
Baro received critical acclaim for his role in the 2014 drama 'God's Gift - 14 Days'.
Baro won 12 medals in the Idol Star Athletics Championships.
Baro won 3 gold medals in the Idol Star Athletics Championships.
Baro won 7 silver medals in the Idol Star Athletics Championships.
Baro won 2 bronze medals in the Idol Star Athletics Championships.
Shinee is a South Korean boy group.
Shinee has received several awards and nominations for their music work.
Shinee was formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2008.
Shinee released their first full-length album, 'The Shinee World', on August 28, 2008.
'The Shinee World' won the Newcomer Album of the Year at the 23rd Golden Disk Awards.
The first single released from 'The Shinee World' was 'Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)'.
'Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)' won first place on 'M Countdown' on September 18, 2008.
The win on 'M Countdown' was Shinee's first win on Korean music shows since debut.
Shinee's second album is 'Lucifer', released in 2010.
'Lucifer' produced two singles: 'Lucifer' and 'Hello'.
Shinee was nominated for the Best Dance Performance Award at the Mnet Asian Music Awards in 2010 for their outstanding choreography.
'Lucifer' won the Disk Bonsang Award at the 25th Golden Disk Awards.
'Lucifer' also won the Popularity Award at the 25th Golden Disk Awards.
On March 21, 2012, Shinee released their fourth EP 'Sherlock'.
'Sherlock' earned Shinee another Disk Bonsang Award at the 27th Golden Disc Awards.
'Sherlock' also earned the Bonsang Award at the 22nd Seoul Music Award.
The lead single from 'Sherlock' was nominated for Song of the Year at the 2012 Mnet Asian Music Awards.
History was a South Korean boy group.
History was formed by LOEN Entertainment in 2013.
History debuted on April 26, 2013 with the song 'Dreamer'.
The song 'Dreamer' featured the narration of IU.
IU was a labelmate of History.
History was LOEN Entertainment's first boy group.
History officially disbanded on May 12, 2017.
This is the discography of Seventeen.
Seventeen is a South Korean boy group.
Seventeen is also stylized as SEVENTEEN.
Seventeen is also stylized as SVT.
Seventeen was formed by Pledis Entertainment in 2015.
Seventeen has released one album.
Seventeen has released four EPs.
Warrior is a song recorded by the South Korean boy group B.A.P.
Warrior is a digital single.
Warrior was released on January 26, 2012.
Warrior was released through TS Entertainment.
Warrior served as B.A.P's debut single.
Warrior is the first single from B.A.P's self-titled debut album.
Warrior was written and produced by Kang Ji-on.
Warrior was produced by Kim Ki-bum.
Kang Ji-on and Kim Ki-bum are the same producers of Song Ji-eun's Going Crazy.
Kang Ji-on and Kim Ki-bum are the same producers of Bang & Zelo's Never Give Up.
Bang Yong-guk is B.A.P's leader.
Bang Yong-guk participated in the song's production.
Bang Yong-guk co-wrote Warrior.
The song's lyrics describe the injustice of the current society.
The song's lyrics express the protagonist's desire to end the injustice.
Cho Kyu-hyun was born on February 3, 1988.
Cho Kyu-hyun is better known mononymously as Kyuhyun.
Kyuhyun is a South Korean singer.
Kyuhyun is a musical theatre actor.
Kyuhyun is best known as a member of the South Korean boy group Super Junior.
Kyuhyun is a member of the sub-groups Super Junior-K.R.Y. and Super Junior-M.
Kyuhyun is a former member of the South Korean ballad group S.M. the Ballad.
Kyuhyun is one of the first four Korean artists to appear on Chinese postage stamps.
The following is the discography of the South Korean boy group BTS.
BTS debuted in South Korea in June 2013.
BTS debuted with the single album '2 Cool 4 Skool'.
'2 Cool 4 Skool' debuted at number 5 on the South Korean Week 31 Gaon Weekly Chart.
BTS made a comeback in September 2013.
BTS made a comeback with the extended play 'O!RUL8,2?'.
'O!RUL8,2?' peaked at number 4 on the Week 38 Gaon Weekly Chart.
BTS released their second extended play 'Skool Luv Affair' in February 2014.
'Skool Luv Affair' charted at number 1 on the Week 18 Gaon Weekly Chart.
'Skool Luv Affair' marked the first time a BTS album charted on international charts.
'Skool Luv Affair' charted on the Billboard World Albums.
'Skool Luv Affair' charted on Japan's Oricon Chart.
A repackaged version of the album, 'Skool Luv Affair Special Addition', was released in May 2014.
'Skool Luv Affair Special Addition' peaked at number 1 on the Week 21 Gaon Weekly Chart.
Madtown is a South Korean boy group.
Madtown was formed in 2014 by J. Tune Camp.
The group consists of Moos, Daewon, Lee Geon, Jota, Heo Jun, Buffy, and H.O.
Madtown's debut album is titled 'Mad Town'.
Madtown's debut album was released on October 6, 2014.
Moos and Buffy originally debuted as the hip hop duo 'Pro C' in 2013.
Madtown's official fan-base name is Mad-people.
Starting December 22, 2016, MADTOWN's contract was sold to GNI Entertainment.
J. Tune Camp closed before MADTOWN's contract was sold.
Ravi is a South Korean rapper.
Ravi is a songwriter.
Ravi is a producer.
Ravi is signed under Jellyfish Entertainment.
Ravi began his career as a rapper in 2012.
Ravi began his career in the South Korean boy group VIXX.
Ravi later formed VIXX's first sub-unit VIXX LR with band mate Leo in 2015.
Ravi's songwriting career began with his participation in co-writing VIXX's debut single 'Super Hero'.
As of November 2016, Ravi has contributed to the writing and composing of over 46 songs recorded by VIXX.
Ravi is widely known for his participation in composing and songwriting rap portions for VIXX.
Ravi is widely known for his participation in writing lyrics for VIXX.
Ravi is widely known for his participation in composing music for VIXX.
Sylvester Samuels is better known by his stage name Lil Ru.
Lil Ru is an American rapper.
Lil Ru is from Ridgeway, South Carolina.
Lil Ru is currently signed to Def Jam Recordings.
Lil Ru's debut album, 21 & Up, was released on August 25, 2009.
Lil Ru was 16 when he made his professional foray into the music business.
Lil Ru was inspired by New Orleans’ innovative Cash Money Crew.
Lil Ru began making a name for himself on his local music scene.
Lil Ru did live shows and pressed up his own CDs.
Lil Ru's hard-hitting lyrics and entrepreneurial spirit caught the attention of Angie Stone.
Angie Stone is a fellow South Carolinian.
Angie Stone helped Lil Ru secure a deal with Elektra Records.
Lil Ru found himself unsigned again after the label merged with Atlantic Records.
Music fans first heard Lil Ru on his 2001 debut single Will Destroy.
Lil Ru released his 2002 follow-up single Shawty What You Doin’.
Both Will Destroy and Shawty What You Doin’ reached the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop charts.
Both songs helped land Lil Ru at his next label home, Capitol Records.
James P. Comer was born James Pierpont Comer on September 25, 1934 in East Chicago, Indiana.
James P. Comer is currently the Maurice Falk Professor of Child Psychiatry at the Yale Child Study Center.
James P. Comer has been the Maurice Falk Professor of Child Psychiatry at the Yale Child Study Center since 1976.
James P. Comer is also an associate dean at the Yale School of Medicine.
James P. Comer is one of the world's leading child psychiatrists.
James P. Comer is best known for his efforts to improve the scholastic performance of children from lower-income and minority backgrounds.
James P. Comer's efforts led to the founding of the Comer School Development Program in 1968.
The Comer School Development Program has been used in more than 600 schools.
The Comer School Development Program has been used in eighty-two school districts.
James P. Comer is the author of ten books.
One of James P. Comer's books is the autobiographical 'Maggie’s American Dream: The Life and Times of a Black Family', published in 1988.
Another one of James P. Comer's books is 'Leave No Child Behind: Preparing Today's Youth for Tomorrow's World', published in 2004.
James P. Comer's most recent book is 'What I Learned in School: Reflections on Race, Child Development, and School Reform', published in 2009.
James P. Comer has written more than 150 articles for Parents magazine.
James P. Comer has written more than 300 articles on children's health and development and race relations.
Dr. James P. Comer has served as a consultant to the Children's Television Workshop.
The Children's Television Workshop produces Sesame Street and The Electric Company.
James P. Comer is a co-founder and past president of the Black Psychiatrists of America.
James P. Comer has served on the board of several universities, foundations, and corporations.
James P. Comer has lectured and consulted widely across the United States.
James P. Comer has lectured and consulted at different universities, medical schools, and scientific associations.
James P. Comer has lectured and consulted around the world in places such as London, Paris, Tokyo, Dakar, Senegal, and Sydney, Australia.
Dr. James P. Comer has been awarded 47 honorary degrees.
Dr. James P. Comer has been recognized by numerous organizations for his work and scholarship.
Percy Chapman was born on August 13, 1971, in Queens, New York, United States.
Percy Chapman is known by the stage name Tragedy Khadafi.
Percy Chapman was formerly known as Intelligent Hoodlum.
Percy Chapman is an American rapper and producer.
Percy Chapman hails from the Queensbridge Housing Projects in Queens, New York.
Percy Chapman helped spawn other hip hop artists such as Cormega.
Percy Chapman helped spawn other hip hop artists such as Mobb Deep.
Percy Chapman helped spawn other hip hop artists such as Capone-N-Noreaga.
Percy Chapman helped spawn other hip hop artists such as Nas.
Percy Chapman helped spawn many other hip hop artists through production and influence.
The name Tragedy Khadafi is a reference to the former leader of Libya, Muammar Gaddafi.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi was born in Quito on January 30, 1970.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi's stage name is Amaruk Kayshapanta.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi is an Ecuadorian multidisciplinary artist.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi is known in Spain and Ecuador for his artistic and humanistic trajectory.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi advocates for the Human Rights of Immigration in Spain.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi was named as the 'Chasqui de Oro' in the VI Race and hike 'El Chasqui-NY'.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi received the award as 'Cultural Ambassador of the Andes-Mushuk Nina 2014 (Third Edition)'.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi received the award for rescuing the traditions and culture of the Andes.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi supports Indigenous Organizations of Peru and Bolivia based in Ecuador.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi obtained the prize '100 Latinos Madrid' from the Community of Madrid.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi received the prize in recognition of his non-profit altruistic and cultural work.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi's work benefits foreign immigrants in Spain.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi is known for his role in the TV series 'Hospital Central'.
In the TV series 'Hospital Central', Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi gave life to the character 'Edgar'.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi's philosophy is called 'Amawtica Amarukiana Desestructuration'.
The philosophy 'Amawtica Amarukiana Desestructuration' brings the Philosophical study of the Andean Worldview to the contemporary world.
The philosophy 'Amawtica Amarukiana Desestructuration' is a spiritual legacy of transformation and balance.
The philosophy 'Amawtica Amarukiana Desestructuration' aims for the awakening of a collective conscience.
Clifford Smith was born on April 1, 1971.
Clifford Smith is better known by his stage name Method Man.
Method Man is an American rapper.
Method Man is a record producer.
Method Man is an actor.
Method Man is known as a member of the East Coast hip hop collective Wu-Tang Clan.
Method Man is one half of the hip hop duo Method Man & Redman.
Method Man took his stage name from the 1979 film 'Method Man'.
In 1996, Method Man won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group.
The Grammy Award was for the song 'I'll Be There for You/You're All I Need to Get By'.
Method Man won the Grammy Award with American R&B singer-songwriter Mary J. Blige.
Eenasul Fateh was born on 3 April 1959.
Eenasul Fateh is also known by the stage name Aladin.
Eenasul Fateh is a Bangladeshi-British cultural practitioner.
Eenasul Fateh is a magician.
Eenasul Fateh is a live artist.
Eenasul Fateh is a former international management consultant.
Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos was born on December 19, 1967.
Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos is known by the stage name Criss Angel.
Criss Angel is an American magician.
Criss Angel is an illusionist.
Criss Angel is a musician.
Criss Angel began his career in New York City.
Criss Angel moved his base of operations to the Las Vegas Valley.
Criss Angel is known for starring in the television and stage show 'Criss Angel Mindfreak'.
Criss Angel starred in the previous live performance illusion show 'Criss Angel Believe'.
 'Criss Angel Believe' was in collaboration with Cirque du Soleil.
'Criss Angel Believe' was performed at the Luxor casino in Las Vegas.
'Criss Angel Believe' generated $150 million in tourist revenue to Las Vegas in 2010.
'Criss Angel Believe' has since been replaced by 'Mindfreak LIVE' on May 11, 2016.
'Mindfreak LIVE' is partly produced by Cirque du Soleil.
The directive rights for 'Mindfreak LIVE' are entirely with Criss Angel.
Criss Angel starred in the television series 'Criss Angel BeLIEve' on Spike TV.
Criss Angel starred in the reality-competition television show 'Phenomenon' on NBC.
Criss Angel starred in the 2014 stage show 'Criss Angel Magicjam'.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina was born on 9 June 1942.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina is also known by her stage name Indriati Iskak.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina is known by her name after marriage as Indri Makki.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina is an Indonesian actress.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina is a psychologist.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina is a marketer.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina was born in Surabaya.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina entered the Indonesian film industry.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina soared to popularity with Usmar Ismail's commercially successful film 'Tiga Dara' in 1957.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina appeared in eight further films.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina established her own girl group.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina retired from cinema in 1963.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina graduated from the University of Indonesia.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina graduated with a degree in psychology in 1968.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina has taught the subject of psychology.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina worked with Unilever for twenty-six years.
Since 1994, Indriati Gerald Bernardina has been a marketing consultant with Makki Makki.
Lanre Dabiri was born on May 23, 1977.
Lanre Dabiri is better known by the stage name Eldee.
Eldee is stylized as eLDee.
Eldee is a former Nigerian-American rapper.
Eldee is a former singer.
Eldee is a former record producer.
Eldee is now an IT Consultant based in the United States.
The name 'Lanre' is a diminutive for the Yoruba name 'Olanrewaju'.
The Yoruba name 'Olanrewaju' translates to 'Wealth is moving forward'.
Eldee has a master's degree in Architecture.
Eldee obtained the master's degree from the University of Lagos, Nigeria.
Eldee is an original member of the band Trybesmen.
The band Trybesmen was started in 1998.
The band Trybesmen was started with rappers KB and Freestyle.
Eldee hails from Lagos Island in Lagos State of Nigeria.
Mick Batyske is known by his stage name Mick.
Mick Batyske is sometimes styled as MICK.
Mick Batyske was formerly known as Mick Boogie.
Mick Batyske is an American DJ.
Mick Batyske is an entrepreneur.
Mick Batyske is an A-list DJ.
Mick Batyske spun private parties for celebrities.
The celebrities that Mick Batyske spun private parties for include Kanye West, LeBron James, Jay-Z, and Will Smith.
Mick Batyske has released mix tapes.
Mick Batyske has performed in venues internationally.
The international venues where Mick Batyske has performed include New York City, Dubai, Tokyo, Las Vegas, and Los Angeles.
Mick Batyske is an entrepreneur.
Mick Batyske has invested in various start-up companies.
One of the start-up companies that Mick Batyske has invested in is Localeur.
Mick Batyske is also an advisor and consultant for Localeur.
The Robert and Concetta Dwyer Arena houses two ice surfaces.
Both ice surfaces are 200 x 85 ft.
The Robert and Concetta Dwyer Arena has a pro shop.
The Robert and Concetta Dwyer Arena is located on Niagara University's campus in Lewiston, New York, United States.
The main rink can seat up to 1,400 people.
The main rink is the home to the Niagara Purple Eagles men's ice hockey team.
The Niagara Purple Eagles men's ice hockey team plays in Atlantic Hockey.
The arena was formerly home to the women's ice hockey team.
The women's ice hockey team played in College Hockey America.
The Lewiston Maineiacs were a junior ice hockey team of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
The Lewiston Maineiacs were based in Lewiston, Maine.
The Lewiston Maineiacs played their home games at the Androscoggin Bank Colisée.
The Lewiston Maineiacs were the second QMJHL team in the United States.
The Lewiston Maineiacs were the only QMJHL team to play a full season.
The Lewiston Maineiacs won the President's Cup in 2007.
Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements.
Loan modification helps individuals having problems making mortgage payments.
Loan modification can reduce interest rates.
Loan modification can reduce monthly payments.
Loan modification can reduce principal balances.
Lending institutions could make one or more changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers.
Lending institutions aim to prevent the condition of foreclosure.
Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market.
The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market involved Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, and JP Morgan & Chase.
Other contributors to the 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market included MER's.
Crimes of Mortgage and Real Estate Staff had long assisted in unethical practices.
The deviant practices of Mortgage and Real Estate Staff broke the state and caused the crash.
Modification owners were ordered by The United States Department of Housing.
Modification owners were ordered by The United States IRS.
Modification owners received letters from President Obama.
Note Holders reached out to various departments asking for assistance.
The Democratic process was sought to help individuals keep their homes.
The Democratic process aimed to protect individuals from foreclosure.
The birth of Modifications occurred as a response to the housing crisis.
It is unclear how these enforcements came into existence.
Note holders from the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance.
The FBI Mortgage Fraud Department was established.
Modifications HMAP and HARP were created to help note holders obtain justice.
Modifications aimed to reduce mortgage terms and make them legal.
Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff.
IRS staff addressed the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS.
HAMP TEAMS traveled across the United States to assist homeowners.
Homeowners were victims of predatory lending practices.
Unethical staff, brokers, attorneys, and lenders contributed to the housing crash.
Modifications were a response to the housing crash.
Litigation ensued as lenders reorganized and renamed lending institutions.
Government agencies are to closely monitor lending institutions.
Prior to modifications, loan holders experiencing crisis used loan assumptions.
Loan transfers were used by loan holders in the 1930s.
During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumptions, and loan bail-out programs took place at the state level.
These programs aimed to reduce levels of loan foreclosures.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation responded to lending institution violations of law.
The Federal Trade Commission responded to lending institution violations of law.
The Comptroller responded to lending institution violations of law.
The United States Government responded to lending institution violations of law.
State Government responded to lending institution violations of law.
Public court records were set to establish legal precedence for illegal actions.
Legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address violations of laws to consumers.
Modifications were created to assist consumers who were victims of predatory lending practices.
During the Great Recession of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy.
Various actions were taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization.
Absorbent personal profits hindered education for homeowners and creditors.
Homeowners and creditors were unaware that equity and escrow money belonged to them.
The Loan Note Holder has monetary rights over their escrow and equity.
The housing crash was caused by the profit from obtaining mortgage holders' escrow.
Escrow and equity accrued from Note Holders' payments were claimed by various staff.
Local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, and lending institutional staff were involved in claiming escrow.
Attorneys who are also typically owners of rental properties were trained through bankruptcies.
Homeowners were often unaware of the money due to them and how they could lose their escrow.
Most creditors were unaware that note holders were due an annual or semi-annual equity check.
Banks and other lending or legal institutions claimed this money instead of the note holders.
The money that note holders were unaware of was the prize of real estate.
The cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 was the profit from obtaining mortgage holders' escrow.
Lending institutions provided mortgages to individuals they knew would eventually default.
Loan holders purchased balloon mortgages, which were designed to make fast money off the note holder.
Note holders were typically unaware of their escrow and equity.
Note holders were further victimized by conferences and books on how to make money in real estate.
The key to the crash was not the house, but the loan product used.
The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending began with the inception of balloon mortgages.
Illegal activity has always existed in the lending arena.
The crash created watchdog agencies like HAMP TEAM, IRS, and the Federal Trade Commission.
The Consumer Protection Bureau was established to protect consumers.
The FBI investigates computer crimes related to fraudulent documents in the lending industry.
Many individuals were incarcerated for illegal actions in the lending industry.
Modifications fixed the notes to proper lower interest rates, escrow, and tax fees.
Many individuals involved in real estate have been incarcerated for illegal actions.
Charging for a modification is unlawful.
It is illegal for banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage.
Changing lending products to a balloon mortgage to force foreclosure is illegal.
Such actions are not the government's intended purpose or definition of a modification.
The 2007 MasterCard Memorial Cup was played in May 2007.
The 2007 MasterCard Memorial Cup was played in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The 2007 MasterCard Memorial Cup was played at the Pacific Coliseum.
The 2007 MasterCard Memorial Cup was the 89th annual Memorial Cup competition.
The 2007 MasterCard Memorial Cup determined the major junior ice hockey champion of the Canadian Hockey League.
The tournament was competed between the WHL champion Medicine Hat Tigers.
The tournament was competed between the OHL champion Plymouth Whalers.
The tournament was competed between the QMJHL champion Lewiston Maineiacs.
The tournament was competed between the host team and tournament champion Vancouver Giants.
The Vancouver Giants were competing in their second consecutive national junior championship.
The Memorial Cup tournament was a four team tournament.
The Memorial Cup tournament had a round-robin format.
The Vancouver Giants won their first Memorial Cup.
The Vancouver Giants defeated Medicine Hat 3–1 in the final.
The final was the second all-WHL final in tournament history.
The first all-WHL final in tournament history was in 1989.
The tournament set a new Memorial Cup attendance record.
The new Memorial Cup attendance record was 121,561 fans attending the nine games.
The previous attendance record of 84,686 was set at the 2003 tournament in Quebec City.
The Cedar Rapids Ice Arena is a 3,850-seat multipurpose arena.
The Cedar Rapids Ice Arena is located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
The Cedar Rapids Ice Arena is located adjacent to Veterans Memorial Stadium.
The Cedar Rapids Ice Arena opened on January 8, 2000.
The Cedar Rapids Ice Arena is owned by the city of Cedar Rapids.
The Cedar Rapids Ice Arena is home to the Cedar Rapids RoughRiders.
The Cedar Rapids RoughRiders are a team in the United States Hockey League.
The Cedar Rapids Ice Arena is home to several local youth hockey teams.
The University of Iowa Hawkeyes club hockey team plays some of their home games at the Cedar Rapids Ice Arena.
The Cedar Rapids Ice Arena contains separate sheets of ice for ice hockey games.
The Cedar Rapids Ice Arena contains separate sheets of ice for public ice skating.
The Cedar Rapids Ice Arena contains separate sheets of ice for figure ice skating.
The 2011–12 QMJHL season was the 43rd season of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
The regular season consisted of seventeen teams playing 68 games each.
The regular season began in September 2011.
The regular season ended in March 2012.
The 2011–12 QMJHL season was Blainville-Boisbriand Armada's first season in the league.
The Blainville-Boisbriand Armada relocated to Boisbriand from Verdun.
The Blainville-Boisbriand Armada played as the Montreal Junior Hockey Club from 2008 to 2011.
The league lost one of its charter teams when the Lewiston Maineiacs folded after the previous season.
The QMJHL later announced an expansion team to Sherbrooke for the 2012-2013 season.
In the playoffs, the Saint John Sea Dogs became the seventh team in league history to capture consecutive President's Cup championships.
The Robins Center is a 7,201-seat multi-purpose arena.
The Robins Center is located in Richmond, Virginia.
The Robins Center opened in 1972.
The Robins Center is home to the University of Richmond Spiders basketball team.
The Robins Center hosted the ECAC South men's basketball tournament in 1983.
The ECAC South is now known as the Colonial Athletic Association.
The Robins Center is named for E. Claiborne Robins Sr.
E. Claiborne Robins Sr. graduated in the class of 1931.
E. Claiborne Robins Sr. and his family have been leading benefactors for the University of Richmond.
The opening of the Robins Center returned Spider basketball to an on-campus facility.
Spider basketball had not been played on-campus since the mid-1940s.
Spider basketball outgrew Millhiser Gymnasium in the mid-1940s.
In the intervening decades, the Spiders played home games in numerous locations around the Richmond area.
The Richmond Coliseum was one of the locations where the Spiders played home games from 1971 to 1972.
The Richmond Arena was one of the locations where the Spiders played home games from 1954 to 1971.
The Benedictine High School gymnasium was one of the locations where the Spiders played home games from 1951 to 1954.
Grays' Armory was one of the locations where the Spiders played home games from 1950 to 1951.
Blues' Armory was one of the locations where the Spiders played home games from 1947 to 1950.
The Robins Center serves as the location of the University of Richmond's commencement exercises.
The Robins Center hosted a 1992 Presidential debate.
The 1992 Presidential debate involved Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush, and Ross Perot.
The 2006–07 QMJHL season was the 38th season in the history of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
The regular season ran from September 14, 2006 to March 18, 2007.
Eighteen teams played 70 games each in the schedule.
The Lewiston Maineiacs finished first overall in the regular season.
The Lewiston Maineiacs won their first Jean Rougeau Trophy.
The Lewiston Maineiacs won 16 playoff games.
The Lewiston Maineiacs lost only one playoff game.
The Lewiston Maineiacs won their first President's Cup.
The Lewiston Maineiacs defeated the Val-d'Or Foreurs in the finals.
Case Gym is a 1,800-seat multi-purpose arena.
Case Gym is located at Boston University.
Boston University is in Boston, Massachusetts.
Case Gym opened in 1972.
Case Gym is part of the Harold Case Physical Education Center.
The Harold Case Physical Education Center is named after Harold C. Case.
Harold C. Case was the fifth president of Boston University.
The gym is referred to as 'The Roof'.
'The Roof' is located on the top level of the building.
'The Roof' is above Walter Brown Arena.
Case Gym is home to the Boston University Terriers men's basketball team.
Case Gym is home to the Boston University Terriers women's basketball team.
Case Gym is home to the Boston University men's wrestling team.
Basketball games are also played in Agganis Arena.
Basketball games are occasionally played in Walter Brown Arena.
Boston University left the America East Conference for the Patriot League in July 2013.
Boston University announced that all home men's basketball conference games would be played at Agganis Arena.
Boston University announced that non-conference games would be played at Case Gym.
The Billings Bulls were a junior ice hockey organization.
The Billings Bulls were based in Billings, Montana.
The Billings Bulls most recently played home games at the Centennial Ice Arena.
The Centennial Ice Arena has a seating capacity of 550.
Due to the Centennial Ice Arena's small size, the Billings Bulls frequently sold out games.
The Billings Bulls previously played their home games in the Metrapark.
The Metrapark had a maximum capacity of 9,000 for hockey games.
A negotiating dispute occurred between the Billings Bulls and arena officials.
A negotiating dispute occurred between the Billings Bulls and local county commissioners.
The negotiating dispute resulted in the Billings Bulls losing its lease.
Gumbo is the fourth studio album by PJ Morton.
Gumbo is the first self-released studio album by PJ Morton.
PJ Morton is an American singer-songwriter.
Gumbo was released on April 14, 2017.
Gumbo was released by Morton Records.
Gumbo is the follow-up to PJ Morton's third studio album 'New Orleans'.
'New Orleans' was released in 2013.
The record incorporates R&B styles.
The record incorporates elements of older soul music.
The lyrics of the record discuss themes of romance.
The lyrics of the record explore political themes.
The lyrics of the record explore personal themes.
The album is entirely produced by PJ Morton.
The album features guest appearances by Pell.
The album features guest appearances by BJ the Chicago Kid.
The album features guest appearances by Anthony Hamilton's back-up group, The HamilTones.
The album features a cover of the Bee Gees' song 'How Deep Is Your Love'.
Lady Gaga x Terry Richardson is a photo-book.
Lady Gaga is an American singer.
Terry Richardson is an American photographer.
Lady Gaga x Terry Richardson was released on November 22, 2011.
Lady Gaga x Terry Richardson was released by Grand Central Publishing.
The book features more than 350 pictures of Lady Gaga.
The pictures of Lady Gaga were taken by Terry Richardson.
The pictures were taken during a ten-month period.
The ten-month period spans from Lady Gaga's performance at The Monster Ball Tour to the 2011 Grammy Awards.
The book includes a foreword written by Lady Gaga.
The foreword discusses Lady Gaga's relationship with Terry Richardson.
Lady Gaga and Terry Richardson had collaborated on other projects prior to the shooting of the book.
Piano Girl is a 2009 Turkish comedy-drama film.
Piano Girl is also known in Turkish as 'Deli Deli Olma'.
Murat Saraçoğlu directed Piano Girl.
Tarık Akan starred in Piano Girl.
Şerif Sezer starred in Piano Girl.
Piano Girl features two elderly people.
The two elderly people in Piano Girl are forced to question their histories.
The two elderly people in Piano Girl are forced to reveal their big secrets.
Piano Girl went on nationwide general release across Turkey on 17, 2009.
Piano Girl was the opening film at the Sinema Burada Film Festival in İzmir, Turkey.
Piano Girl has been screened in competition at a number of other film festivals.
Piano Girl was screened at the 46th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival.
Terry Richardson is a writer for Today's Zaman.
According to Terry Richardson, the audience at the 46th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival gave Piano Girl a standing ovation.
Snoecks is a Belgian magazine.
The magazine appears once a year in October.
The magazine focuses on the most interesting new international developments in the arts.
The magazine focuses on the most interesting new international developments in photography.
The magazine focuses on the most interesting new international developments in literature.
The magazine has featured artists such as Anton Corbijn.
The magazine has featured artists such as Larry Sultan.
The magazine has featured artists such as Matthew Barney.
The magazine has featured artists such as Terry Richardson.
The magazine has featured artists such as Ron Mueck.
The magazine has featured artists such as Alberto Garcia-Alix.
The magazine has featured artists such as Peter Lindbergh.
The magazine has featured artists such as Albert Watson.
The magazine has featured artists such as Desiree Dolron.
The magazine has featured artists such as Bettina Rheims.
The magazine has featured artists such as Diana Scheunemann.
The magazine has featured artists such as Timothy Greenfield-Sanders.
The magazine has featured artists such as Andres Serrano.
James Joseph Richardson was born on December 12, 1935.
James Joseph Richardson is an African-American man.
James Joseph Richardson was wrongly convicted in 1968 for the murders of his seven children.
The seven children of James Joseph Richardson died after eating a poisoned lunch.
The poisoned lunch contained the organic phosphate pesticide parathion.
At the time of the murders, James Joseph Richardson was a migrant farm worker.
James Joseph Richardson was living in Arcadia, Florida, with his wife Annie Mae Richardson and the children.
At a trial in Fort Myers, Florida, an all-white jury found James Joseph Richardson guilty of murdering the children.
The all-white jury sentenced James Joseph Richardson to death.
The United States Supreme Court issued the 'Furman v. Georgia' decision in 1972.
The 'Furman v. Georgia' decision found the death penalty unconstitutional.
As a result of the 'Furman v. Georgia' decision, the sentence of James Joseph Richardson was reduced to life imprisonment.
James Joseph Richardson was exonerated in 1989 after 21 years.
The case of James Joseph Richardson was revisited by appointed Miami-Dade County prosecutor Janet Reno.
James Joseph Richardson now lives in Wichita, Kansas.
Kenton Terry Richardson was born on 26 July 1999.
Kenton Terry Richardson is an English professional footballer.
Kenton Terry Richardson plays as a defender.
Kenton Terry Richardson plays for Hartlepool United.
Hartlepool United is a League Two side.
Amanda Lepore was born on November 21, 1967.
Amanda Lepore is an American transgender model.
Amanda Lepore is a celebutante.
Amanda Lepore is a singer.
Amanda Lepore is a performance artist.
Amanda Lepore was a former Club Kid.
Amanda Lepore has appeared in advertising for numerous companies.
Amanda Lepore is noted as a regular subject in the work of photographer David LaChapelle.
David LaChapelle is a photographer.
Amanda Lepore serves as a muse for David LaChapelle.
Amanda Lepore is also a subject for many other photographers.
Terry Richardson is one of the photographers who has worked with Amanda Lepore.
Amanda Lepore participated in LaChapelle's exhibit titled 'Artists and Prostitutes 1985–2005' in New York City.
In the exhibit, Amanda Lepore 'lived' in a voyeuristic life-sized set.
Amanda Lepore has released several singles.
Many of Amanda Lepore's singles were written by and/or recorded with Cazwell.
In 2011, Amanda Lepore released her debut studio album titled 'I.. . Amanda Lepore'.
Amanda Lepore's debut studio album was released on Peace Bisquit.
index Magazine was a prominent publication based in New York City.
index Magazine featured in-depth interviews with prominent figures in art and culture.
index Magazine was created by Peter Halley and Bob Nickas in 1996.
index Magazine ran until late 2005.
index Magazine covered the burgeoning Indie culture of the 1990s.
index Magazine regularly employed rising photographers such as Juergen Teller, Terry Richardson, Wolfgang Tillmans, and Ryan McGinley.
index Magazine featured interviews with figures including Björk, Brian Eno, Marc Jacobs, and Scarlett Johansson.
index Magazine mixed new talents and established names in music, film, architecture, fashion, art, and politics.
index Magazine featured a mix of interviews with not so-famous New York personalities.
Queen Itchie was one of the not so-famous New York personalities featured in index Magazine.
Ducky Doolittle was another not so-famous New York personality featured in index Magazine.
Madonna is a biography.
Andrew Morton is an English author.
The biography chronicles the life of Madonna.
Madonna is an American recording artist.
The book was released in November 2001 by St. Martin's Press in the United States.
The book was released in April 2002 by Michael O'Mara Books in the United Kingdom.
Andrew Morton decided to write a biography on Madonna in 2000.
The release of the biography was announced in April 2001 by St. Martin's Press.
Sally Richardson is the president and publisher of St. Martin's Press.
Sally Richardson described the biography to contain details about Madonna's ambitions.
Sally Richardson described the biography to contain details about Madonna's relationships.
Sally Richardson described the biography to contain details about Madonna's lifestyle.
Annie Morton was born on October 8, 1970.
Annie Morton is an American model.
Annie Morton was born in Pennsylvania.
Annie Morton has appeared on the covers of British Vogue.
Annie Morton has appeared on the covers of ID.
Annie Morton has appeared on the covers of Marie Claire.
Annie Morton has appeared on the covers of other magazines.
Annie Morton has been photographed by Helmut Newton.
Annie Morton has been photographed by Peter Lindbergh.
Annie Morton has been photographed by Annie Leibovitz.
Annie Morton has been photographed by Richard Avedon.
Annie Morton has been photographed by Juergen Teller.
Annie Morton has been photographed by Paul Jasmin.
Annie Morton has been photographed by Mary Ellen Mark.
Annie Morton has been photographed by Terry Richardson.
Annie Morton has modeled for Donna Karan.
Annie Morton has modeled for Givenchy.
Annie Morton has modeled for Guerlain.
Annie Morton has modeled for Chanel.
Annie Morton has modeled for Harper's Bazaar.
Annie Morton has modeled for Sports Illustrated.
Annie Morton has modeled for Victoria's Secret.
Annie Morton is a long-time vegetarian.
Annie Morton is an advocate for organic lifestyle choices.
Annie Morton is an advocate for natural healthcare.
Annie Morton co-founded Tsi-La Organics.
Tsi-La Organics is a 'Green Luxury' company.
Tsi-La Organics creates and sells vegan, organic perfume.
Tsi-La Organics creates and sells skin care products.
The E.R. Hays House is a historic building.
The E.R. Hays House is also known as Bybee & Davis Funeral Home.
The E.R. Hays House is located in Knoxville, Iowa, United States.
Hays was a local lawyer.
Hays served briefly in the United States House of Representatives.
Hays replaced Edwin H. Conger in the United States House of Representatives.
Edwin H. Conger resigned to become the United States Ambassador to Brazil.
Hays died a year after the E.R. Hays House was completed.
The family of Hays continued to live in the E.R. Hays House until 1935.
The E.R. Hays House became the Bybee & Davis Funeral Home in 1935.
The E.R. Hays House is a 2½-story brick structure.
The E.R. Hays House was designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Foster & Liebbe.
The E.R. Hays House features a combination of the Late Victorian and Italianate styles.
Victorian eclecticism is featured in the porch of the E.R. Hays House.
Victorian eclecticism is featured in the trimwork of the E.R. Hays House.
The Italianate style is found in the massing of the E.R. Hays House.
The E.R. Hays House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The Cresco Opera House is a historic building.
The Cresco Opera House is also known as the Cresco Theater.
The Cresco Opera House is located in Cresco, Iowa, United States.
The first known theater in Cresco was the Lyric Hall.
The Lyric Hall opened in 1875.
The Lyric Hall showed the first movies around 1900.
The Family theater opened around the turn of the century.
The Cozy theater opened around the turn of the century.
The Lyric Hall was condemned and torn down in 1913.
The Family theater and the Cozy theater were considered substandard.
The Cresco Commercial Club held a fundraiser in early 1914 to build an opera house.
The Cresco Opera House Company was organized around the same time as the fundraiser.
The Cresco Opera House building was completed by the end of 1914.
The Cresco Opera House opened in 1915.
The Cresco Opera House was designed by local engineer Joseph H. Howe.
The Cresco Opera House was constructed by local builder Martin Johnson.
The musical 'High Jinks' was the first performance held in the Cresco Opera House.
The Cresco Opera House seats 425 people.
The Cresco Opera House was equipped to show movies.
There was a community hall in the basement of the Cresco Opera House.
The Cresco Opera House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
Ophur was a rock band.
Ophur was from the Chicago suburbs in DuPage County.
Ophur performed in the midwestern United States over the course of seven years.
Ophur performed with national acts including The Plain White T's.
Ophur performed with national acts including Sum 41.
Ophur performed with national acts including Violent Femmes.
Ophur performed with national acts including Local H.
Ophur performed with national acts including Lucky Boys Confusion.
Ophur performed with national acts including Veruca Salt.
Ophur performed with national acts including Two Skinee J's.
Ophur performed with national acts including Duvall.
Ophur performed with national acts including Sleeping at Last.
Ophur performed with other national acts.
Ophur's music has been described as an eclectic amalgamation of U2.
Ophur's music has been described as an eclectic amalgamation of Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Ophur's music has been described as an eclectic amalgamation of Pink Floyd.
Mendocino County was the first jurisdiction in the United States to ban the cultivation, production or distribution of genetically modified organisms (GMOs).
The ordinance was entitled Measure H.
Measure H was passed by referendum on March 2, 2004.
The group 'GMO Free Mendocino' initiated the campaign.
The campaign was a highly publicized grassroots effort.
Local farmers and environmental groups participated in the campaign.
Local farmers and environmental groups contend that the potential risks of GMOs to human health and the ecosystem have not yet been fully understood.
The measure was met with opposition by several interest groups representing the biotechnology industry.
The California Plant Health Association is now known as the Western Plant Health Association.
CropLife America is a Washington-based consortium.
CropLife America's clients represent some of the largest food distributors in the nation.
Some of the largest food distributors in the nation include Monsanto, DuPont and Dow Chemical.
Since the enactment of the ordinance, Mendocino County has been added to an international list of 'GMO free zones.'
Pre-emptive statutes banning local municipalities from such ordinances have now become widespread.
Pre-emptive statutes banning local municipalities from such ordinances have been adopted in sixteen states.
The Wilford H. Fawcett House is a house in Breezy Point, Minnesota, United States.
The Wilford H. Fawcett House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Wilford H. Fawcett is also known as 'Captain Billy'.
Wilford H. Fawcett started the book 'Captain Billy's Whiz Bang' as a joke book for soldiers during World War I.
Wilford H. Fawcett formed Fawcett Publications in 1919.
Fawcett Publications was formed in Robbinsdale, Minnesota.
In 1920, Wilford H. Fawcett bought a tract of land.
The present-day Breezy Point Resort is located on the tract of land bought by Wilford H. Fawcett.
Wilford H. Fawcett began building cottages and a large log lodge on the tract of land.
The lodge has since burnt down.
Wilford H. Fawcett built the Fawcett House as a private residence within the resort property.
Wilford H. Fawcett hired the Minneapolis architects of Magney and Tusler.
Wilford H. Fawcett commissioned the design of the Fawcett House in the Swiss Chateau style.
The rustic log style of the Fawcett House was a bit ironic.
The local logging industry had declined before the resort was built.
Suffrajett is a rock band from New York City.
Suffrajett is currently based in Chicago, Illinois.
Suffrajett is composed of singer/violinist Simi Sernaker.
Suffrajett is composed of guitarist Jason Chasko.
Suffrajett is composed of bassist Kevin Roberts.
Suffrajett is composed of drummer Danny Severson.
Suffrajett has toured with Local H.
Suffrajett has toured with The Last Vegas.
Suffrajett has toured with Bob Schneider.
Suffrajett has opened for the reunited MC5.
Suffrajett released their self-titled debut album on February 2, 2003.
Suffrajett released their latest album 'Black Glitter' on January 1, 2007.
Suffrajett recently toured with Juliette and the Licks.
Suffrajett recently toured with Scissors for Lefty.
Hallelujah! I'm A Bum is the seventh studio album by Local H.
Local H is a Chicago-based rock band.
Interviews with Local H have revealed that Hallelujah! I'm A Bum is a concept album based on politics in the United States.
The album was completed in spring of 2012.
Local H chose to release Hallelujah! I'm A Bum in September.
The release of Hallelujah! I'm A Bum in September was to be closer to the 2012 presidential election.
Hallelujah! I'm A Bum makes frequent use of the sounds of the El Train in Chicago to transition songs.
The William H. Cook Water Tank House is a water tank house.
The William H. Cook Water Tank House is located southeast of Jerome, Idaho, United States.
The building was constructed circa 1915.
The building was used to store water for William H. Cook's farm.
The rectangular building was constructed with lava rock.
The rectangular building contains a metal tank.
The stone craftsmanship in the building is similar to the work of H. T. Pugh.
H. T. Pugh was a local stonemason.
The builder of the William H. Cook Water Tank House has not been determined.
The 1978 United States Senate election in Illinois took place on November 7, 1978.
Charles H. Percy was the incumbent Republican United States Senator.
Charles H. Percy ran for re-election to a third term in the United States Senate.
Alex Seith was the Democratic nominee.
Alex Seith was an attorney.
Alex Seith had been appointed to several local government positions.
Charles H. Percy was expected to coast to re-election over Alex Seith.
Alex Seith was a first-time candidate.
The election quickly became competitive.
In the last few days of the campaign, Charles H. Percy ran a television advertisement.
The television advertisement featured Charles H. Percy apologizing.
Charles H. Percy acknowledged in the advertisement that, 'I got your message and you're right.'
Charles H. Percy's last-ditch effort appeared to have paid off.
Charles H. Percy was able to edge out Alex Seith.
Charles H. Percy won what would end up being his third and final term in the Senate.
Amherst is a town in Hampshire County.
Hampshire County is located in Massachusetts, United States.
Amherst is situated in the Connecticut River valley.
As of the 2010 census, the population of Amherst was 37,819.
Amherst is the largest municipality in Hampshire County.
The county seat of Hampshire County is Northampton.
Amherst is home to Amherst College.
Amherst is home to Hampshire College.
Amherst is home to the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Amherst College, Hampshire College, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst are three of the Five Colleges.
The name of the town Amherst is pronounced without the 'h'.
The pronunciation of Amherst is 'AM-erst'.
There is a local saying in Amherst, 'only the 'h' is silent'.
The local saying refers to both the pronunciation of the town's name and to the town's politically active populace.
The history of the Kansas City metropolitan area begins in the 19th century.
Frenchmen from St. Louis, Missouri moved up the Missouri River to trap for furs.
Frenchmen from St. Louis, Missouri moved up the Missouri River to trade with the Native Americans.
The Kansas City metropolitan area straddles the border between Missouri and Kansas.
The Kansas City metropolitan area is located at the confluence of the Kansas and Missouri Rivers.
The Kansas City metropolitan area was a strategic point for commerce and security.
Kansas City, Missouri was founded in 1838.
Kansas City, Missouri defeated its rival Westport to become the predominant city west of St. Louis.
The area played a major role in the westward expansion of the United States.
The Santa Fe Trail ran through the area.
The Oregon Trail ran through the area.
In 1854, Kansas was opened to Euro-American settlement.
The Missouri-Kansas border became the first battlefield in the conflict in the American Civil War.
The University of the Incarnate Word is a private Catholic university.
The main campus of the University of the Incarnate Word is located in San Antonio, Texas.
The main campus of the University of the Incarnate Word is located in Alamo Heights, Texas.
The main campus of the University of the Incarnate Word is located in the United States.
The University of the Incarnate Word was founded in 1881.
The University of the Incarnate Word was founded by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word.
The main campus of the University of the Incarnate Word is located on 154 acres.
The Federal University of Paraíba is a public university.
The Federal University of Paraíba is also known as Universidade Federal da Paraíba.
The abbreviation for the Federal University of Paraíba is UFPB.
The main campus of the Federal University of Paraíba is located in the city of João Pessoa.
João Pessoa is a city in Paraíba, Brazil.
The Federal University of Paraíba and the Federal University of Campina Grande are the main universities of the state of Paraíba, Brazil.
The Kansas City metropolitan area is a 15-county metropolitan area.
The Kansas City metropolitan area is anchored by Kansas City, Missouri.
The Kansas City metropolitan area straddles the border between the U.S. states of Missouri and Kansas.
The population of the Kansas City metropolitan area is about 2,340,000.
The Kansas City metropolitan area ranks as the second largest metropolitan area with its core in Missouri.
The Kansas City metropolitan area ranks after Greater St. Louis.
The Kansas City metropolitan area includes a number of other cities and suburbs alongside Kansas City.
The largest city in the Kansas City metropolitan area is Overland Park, Kansas.
The largest city in the Kansas City metropolitan area is Kansas City, Kansas.
The largest city in the Kansas City metropolitan area is Olathe, Kansas.
The largest city in the Kansas City metropolitan area is Independence, Missouri.
Each of the largest cities in the Kansas City metropolitan area has a population of over 100,000.
The Mid-America Regional Council serves as the Council of Governments for the Kansas City metropolitan area.
The Mid-America Regional Council serves as the Metropolitan Planning Organization for the Kansas City metropolitan area.
The University of Missouri–Kansas City is a public research university.
The University of Missouri–Kansas City serves the greater Kansas City metropolitan area.
The University of Missouri–Kansas City is located in Kansas City, Missouri.
The University of Missouri–Kansas City is one of four system campuses that collectively constitute the University of Missouri.
The University of Missouri–Kansas City is spread across multiple locales.
The main Volker Campus is home to the majority of university operations.
The main Volker Campus is located in Kansas City's Rockhill neighborhood.
The main Volker Campus is located east of the Country Club Plaza.
The main Volker Campus is adjacent to the Stowers Institute for Medical Research.
The main Volker Campus is adjacent to the world-renowned Linda Hall Library.
In 2017, the University of Missouri–Kansas City formed the UMKC Health Sciences District on Hospital Hill.
The UMKC Health Sciences District was formed in collaboration with Truman Medical Center.
The UMKC Health Sciences District was formed in collaboration with Children's Mercy Hospital.
The UMKC Health Sciences District was formed in collaboration with the Missouri Health Department.
The UMKC Health Sciences District was formed in collaboration with the Jackson County Medical Examiners Office.
The UMKC Health Sciences District was formed in collaboration with the Missouri Department of Mental Health Behavioral Medicine.
The UMKC Health Sciences District is a first-in-the-nation partnership.
The UMKC Health Sciences District is a partnership between local and state governments, the University of Missouri–Kansas City, and nationally recognized healthcare faculties.
The UMKC Health Sciences District is designed to promote collaboration in research, innovation, education, grant funding, and community outreach.
The UMKC Health Sciences District is designed for the advancement of health and wellness in the greater Kansas City metropolitan area.
In 2017, the University of Missouri–Kansas City announced plans to expand its metropolitan identity.
The University of Missouri–Kansas City announced plans for the construction of a downtown Campus for the Arts.
The downtown Campus for the Arts is located near the Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts.
The University of Missouri–Kansas City's enrollment as of 2015 exceeded more than 16,600 students.
Downtown Kansas City is the central business district of Kansas City, Missouri.
Downtown Kansas City is the central business district of the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Downtown Kansas City is located between the Missouri River in the north and 31st Street in the south.
Downtown Kansas City is located from the Kansas–Missouri state line east to Bruce R. Watkins Drive.
The Downtown Council of Kansas City defines the boundaries of Downtown Kansas City.
The 2010 Greater Downtown Area Plan was formulated by the City of Kansas City.
The 2010 Greater Downtown Area Plan defines the Greater Downtown Area to be the city limits of North Kansas City and Missouri to the north.
The 2010 Greater Downtown Area Plan defines the Greater Downtown Area to be the Kansas–Missouri state line to the west.
The 2010 Greater Downtown Area Plan defines the Greater Downtown Area to be 31st Street to the south.
The 2010 Greater Downtown Area Plan defines the Greater Downtown Area to be Woodland Avenue to the east.
The definition used by the Downtown Council of Kansas City is the most commonly accepted definition.
The University of Kansas is a public research university in the U.S. state of Kansas.
The University of Kansas is often referred to as KU.
The University of Kansas is often referred to as Kansas.
The main campus of the University of Kansas is in Lawrence.
Lawrence is one of the largest college towns in Kansas.
The main campus of the University of Kansas is on Mount Oread.
Mount Oread is the highest elevation in Lawrence.
Two branch campuses of the University of Kansas are in the Kansas City metropolitan area.
The Edwards Campus is a branch campus of the University of Kansas in Overland Park.
The university's medical school and hospital are located in Kansas City.
There are educational and research sites of the University of Kansas in Parsons.
There are educational and research sites of the University of Kansas in Topeka.
There are educational and research sites of the University of Kansas in Garden City.
There are educational and research sites of the University of Kansas in Hays.
There are educational and research sites of the University of Kansas in Leavenworth.
Branches of the medical school of the University of Kansas are located in Wichita.
Branches of the medical school of the University of Kansas are located in Salina.
The University of Kansas is one of the 62 members of the Association of American Universities.
Kansas City jazz is a style of jazz.
Kansas City jazz developed in Kansas City, Kansas.
Kansas City jazz developed in Kansas City, Missouri.
Kansas City jazz developed in the surrounding Kansas City Metropolitan Area.
Kansas City jazz developed during the 1930s.
Kansas City jazz marked the transition from the structured big band style to the musical improvisation style of Bebop.
The hard-swinging, bluesy transition style is bracketed by Count Basie.
Count Basie signed with Bennie Moten's Kansas City Orchestra in 1929.
Charlie Parker was a Kansas City native.
Charlie Parker was to usher in the Bebop style in the 1940s.
A Kansas City website states that New Orleans was the birthplace of jazz.
A Kansas City website states that America's music grew up in Kansas City.
Kansas City is known as one of the most popular cradles of jazz.
Other cities known for jazz include New Orleans.
Other cities known for jazz include Chicago.
Other cities known for jazz include St. Louis.
Other cities known for jazz include Pittsburgh.
Other cities known for jazz include Philadelphia.
Other cities known for jazz include New York City.
North Kansas City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.
North Kansas City is an independent municipality.
North Kansas City is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.
North Kansas City has a similar name to its larger counterpart, Kansas City.
The population of North Kansas City was 4,208 at the 2010 census.
North Kansas City was originally a northern suburb across the Missouri River from Kansas City, Missouri.
North Kansas City is now almost completely surrounded by Kansas City.
Kansas City has annexed far to the north of North Kansas City's northern city limits.
North Kansas City adjoins the small municipality of Avondale.
Kansas City Scout is one of the largest electronic traffic management systems in the United States.
Kansas City Scout was created in 2000.
Kansas City Scout was created as part of a bi-state initiative.
The Missouri Department of Transportation was one of the participants in the bi-state initiative.
The Kansas Department of Transportation was one of the participants in the bi-state initiative.
The purpose of the bi-state initiative was to provide an electronic traffic management system for the Kansas City Metropolitan Area.
The Kansas City Metropolitan Area is located in both Missouri and Kansas.
The anchor city of Kansas City is in Missouri.
The project's cost was $43 million.
The Federal Highway Administration contributed 80-90 percent of the project cost.
The Kansas Department of Transportation and the Missouri Department of Transportation shared the remaining project cost.
The system employs a system of electronic boards placed on major highways throughout the metropolitan area.
The electronic boards display traffic information whenever information needs to be displayed.
Information may need to be displayed due to an accident, lane closure, or highway closure.
The system has cameras on the electronic boards to automatically detect traffic problems.
The system has extensive coverage of highways in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area.
The system still has much more to cover.
It would be too expensive to cover all the major highways in the Kansas City metro.
The Kansas City metro has more miles of highway per person than any other metropolitan area in the United States.
Studies were conducted to determine which highways or segments of highways have priority due to higher accident rates.
Since the project's beginning, Kansas City Scout has expanded greatly.
Kansas City Scout will continue to expand.
Future plans are to extend coverage to I-635.
Future plans are to cover I-435 even more, especially in the northern areas of the metro.
Future plans are to cover other major city highways.
Kansas City Scout was named after the iconic Kansas City Scout Statue.
The Kansas City Scout Statue exists in Penn Valley Park.
The Kansas City Scout Statue overlooks Downtown Kansas City.
Gone in 60 Seconds is a 2000 American action heist film.
Nicolas Cage is a star of Gone in 60 Seconds.
Angelina Jolie is a star of Gone in 60 Seconds.
Giovanni Ribisi is a star of Gone in 60 Seconds.
Christopher Eccleston is a star of Gone in 60 Seconds.
Robert Duvall is a star of Gone in 60 Seconds.
Vinnie Jones is a star of Gone in 60 Seconds.
Will Patton is a star of Gone in 60 Seconds.
Dominic Sena directed Gone in 60 Seconds.
Scott Rosenberg wrote Gone in 60 Seconds.
Jerry Bruckheimer produced Gone in 60 Seconds.
Jerry Bruckheimer is the producer of 'The Rock'.
Jerry Bruckheimer is the producer of 'Con Air'.
Both 'The Rock' and 'Con Air' starred Nicolas Cage.
Jerry Bruckheimer is the producer of 'Armageddon'.
Armageddon starred Will Patton.
Gone in 60 Seconds is a loose remake of the 1974 H.B. Halicki film of the same name.
Deadfall is a 1993 crime drama film.
Christopher Coppola directed Deadfall.
Christopher Coppola co-wrote the script for Deadfall with Nick Vallelonga.
The film Deadfall stars Michael Biehn.
The film Deadfall stars Nicolas Cage.
The film Deadfall stars Charlie Sheen.
The film Deadfall stars James Coburn.
The film Deadfall stars Peter Fonda.
Deadfall is the prime influence on the song 'Deadfall'.
The song 'Deadfall' was written by the American hardcore punk band Snot.
A prequel/sequel titled 'Arsenal' was released in 2017.
The film 'Arsenal' stars Nicolas Cage as his character Eddie King.
Time to Kill is a 1989 Italian drama film.
Time to Kill is also known as Tempo di uccidere in Italian.
Nicolas Cage is a star of Time to Kill.
Ricky Tognazzi is an Italian actor in Time to Kill.
Giancarlo Giannini is an Italian actor in Time to Kill.
Giuliano Montaldo is the director of Time to Kill.
The film is set in 1936.
In 1936, Ethiopia was an Italian colony.
Time to Kill was filmed in Zimbabwe.
Time to Kill is based on the novel with the same name.
The novel Time to Kill was written by Ennio Flaiano.
The Family Man is a 2000 American romantic comedy-drama film.
Brett Ratner directed The Family Man.
David Diamond and David Weissman wrote The Family Man.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Family Man.
Téa Leoni starred in The Family Man.
Cage's production company is Saturn Films.
Saturn Films helped produce The Family Man.
The film centers on a man.
The man sees what could have been had he made a different decision 13 years prior.
Drive Angry is a 2011 American fantasy action film.
Drive Angry stars Nicolas Cage.
Drive Angry stars Amber Heard.
Drive Angry was directed by Patrick Lussier.
Drive Angry was released on February 25, 2011.
Drive Angry was shot in 3-D.
Drive Angry was met with a mixed reception.
Drive Angry grossed almost $29 million.
Season of the Witch is a 2011 American historical fantasy adventure film.
Nicolas Cage is an actor who stars in Season of the Witch.
Ron Perlman is an actor who stars in Season of the Witch.
Dominic Sena is the director of Season of the Witch.
Brett Ratner conducted extensive uncredited reshoots for Season of the Witch.
Nicolas Cage and Ron Perlman star as Teutonic Knights in Season of the Witch.
The Teutonic Knights return from the Crusades in Season of the Witch.
The Teutonic Knights find their fatherland ruined by the Black Death.
Two church elders accuse a girl of being a witch responsible for the destruction in Season of the Witch.
The girl accused of being a witch is Claire Foy.
The church elders command the two knights to transport Claire Foy to a monastery.
The monks at the monastery are to lift Claire Foy's curse from the land.
Season of the Witch draws inspiration from the 1957 film 'The Seventh Seal'.
Dominic Sena and Nicolas Cage previously worked together on the film 'Gone in 60 Seconds'.
Bangkok Dangerous is a 2008 crime thriller film.
Bangkok Dangerous was written and directed by the Pang Brothers.
Nicolas Cage stars in Bangkok Dangerous.
Bangkok Dangerous is a remake of the Pangs' 1999 debut film titled Bangkok Dangerous.
The original Bangkok Dangerous is a Thai film.
Cage's production company is Saturn Films.
Saturn Films purchased the remake rights for the original Bangkok Dangerous.
City of Angels is a 1998 American romantic fantasy film.
Brad Silberling directed City of Angels.
Nicolas Cage starred in City of Angels.
Meg Ryan starred in City of Angels.
City of Angels is set in Los Angeles, California.
City of Angels is a loose remake of Wim Wenders' 1987 film 'Wings of Desire'.
Wim Wenders' 1987 film 'Wings of Desire' is set in Berlin.
City of Angels tells the story of an angel who falls in love with a mortal woman.
Nicolas Cage plays the role of the angel in City of Angels.
Meg Ryan plays the role of the mortal woman in City of Angels.
The angel wishes to become human in order to be with the mortal woman.
A man named Dennis Franz guides the angel.
Dennis Franz has already made the transition from immortality.
The angel falls and discovers the human experience.
It Could Happen to You is a 1994 American romantic comedy-drama film.
Nicolas Cage is a star of the film It Could Happen to You.
Bridget Fonda is a star of the film It Could Happen to You.
The film It Could Happen to You tells the story of a New York City police officer.
The New York City police officer is portrayed by Nicolas Cage.
The New York City police officer wins the lottery.
The New York City police officer splits his winnings with a waitress.
The waitress is portrayed by Bridget Fonda.
The basic premise of the film It Could Happen to You was inspired by a real-life incident.
Ungod is the debut album released in 1994 on Columbia Records.
Ungod was released by the American industrial rock band Stabbing Westward.
The album was recorded in six weeks of 1993 in Chiswick, England.
Ungod was released on February 15, 1994.
Adequate album sales and touring with the likes of Depeche Mode warranted a second album.
The second album is titled 'Wither Blister Burn & Peel'.
The guitar line in the chorus of the song 'Ungod' was later used in Filter's song 'Hey Man, Nice Shot.'
Stuart Zechman was playing guitar for Filter at the time.
Stuart Zechman took the riff from the song 'Ungod' and showed it to Stabbing Westward.
Stabbing Westward ended up using the riff as well.
The song 'Nothing' appeared in the movie 'Bad Boys'.
The movie 'Bad Boys' starred Will Smith, Martin Lawrence, and Téa Leoni.
The song 'Nothing' was not featured on the official soundtrack album of 'Bad Boys'.
The song 'Nothing' accompanied the credits of the film 'Johnny Mnemonic'.
The song 'Nothing' was included on the soundtrack of the film 'Johnny Mnemonic'.
The song 'Lost' was also included on the soundtrack of the film 'Johnny Mnemonic'.
'Lost', 'Lies', and 'Can't Happen Here' were used in the film 'Mortal Kombat'.
Stabbing Westward refused to include 'Lost', 'Lies', and 'Can't Happen Here' in the official soundtrack of 'Mortal Kombat'.
The 'Thread Mix' of 'Violent Mood Swings' was included in the Clerks soundtrack.
Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock band.
Guns N' Roses was formed in Los Angeles, California in 1985.
Guns N' Roses was formed by members of Hollywood Rose and L.A. Guns.
Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums.
Guns N' Roses has released two live albums.
Guns N' Roses has released two compilation albums.
Guns N' Roses has released two extended plays.
Guns N' Roses has released seven video albums.
Guns N' Roses has released eighteen singles.
Guns N' Roses has released twenty-four music videos.
Guns N' Roses has released one video single.
Guns N' Roses signed a deal with Geffen Records in 1986.
Guns N' Roses independently released the EP 'Live ?! *@ Like a Suicide' a year before signing with Geffen Records.
The debut studio album of Guns N' Roses, 'Appetite for Destruction', was released in 1987.
'Appetite for Destruction' reached the top of the 'Billboard' 200.
'Appetite for Destruction' sold 18 million units in the United States.
'Appetite for Destruction' sold approximately 33 million units worldwide.
Get Christie Love! is a 1974 made-for-television film.
Get Christie Love! is a subsequent crime drama TV series.
Teresa Graves stars as an undercover female police detective in Get Christie Love!.
The undercover female police detective in Get Christie Love! is determined to overthrow a drug ring.
Get Christie Love! is based on Dorothy Uhnak's crime-thriller novel titled 'The Ledger'.
The main character in the original novel is named Christie Opara.
Christie Opara is a white New York Police detective.
The character Christie Opara was dropped completely in the adaptation.
The character Christie Love emerged in the adaptation.
End of Days is a 1999 American fantasy action horror thriller film.
Peter Hyams directed End of Days.
Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in End of Days.
Gabriel Byrne starred in End of Days.
Robin Tunney starred in End of Days.
Kevin Pollak starred in End of Days.
Rod Steiger starred in End of Days.
CCH Pounder starred in End of Days.
Udo Kier starred in End of Days.
The film follows Jericho Cane after he saves a banker from an assassin.
Jericho Cane was a former New York Police Department detective.
Jericho Cane finds himself embroiled in a religious conflict.
Jericho Cane must protect an innocent young woman.
The innocent young woman is chosen by evil forces to conceive the Antichrist with Satan.
Steven Adler was born Michael Coletti on January 22, 1965.
Steven Adler is an American musician.
Steven Adler is best known as the former drummer and co-songwriter of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses.
Steven Adler achieved worldwide success with Guns N' Roses in the late 1980s.
Steven Adler was fired from Guns N' Roses over his heroin addiction in 1990.
After being fired from Guns N' Roses, Steven Adler reformed his old band Road Crew.
Steven Adler briefly joined the band BulletBoys after leaving Guns N' Roses.
Both Road Crew and BulletBoys proved unsuccessful for Steven Adler.
During the 2000s, Steven Adler was the drummer of the band Adler's Appetite.
From 2012, Steven Adler held the position of drummer in the band Adler.
In early 2017, Steven Adler declared that he has no intention to continue with the band Adler.
Steven Adler stated that the band Adler has now dissolved.
The reason for the dissolution of the band Adler is Steven Adler's lack of interest in performing during poorly attended concerts.
Steven Adler appeared on the second and fifth seasons of the reality TV show 'Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew'.
Steven Adler appeared on the first season of the spin-off 'Sober House'.
Steven Adler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012 as a member of Guns N' Roses.
Faction With Jason Ellis is an uncensored hard rock, punk, hip hop, and heavy metal music mixed channel on Sirius XM Satellite Radio.
Until mid-July 2017, Faction appeared on Sirius XM channel 41.
In mid-July 2017, Faction was temporarily replaced by Guns N Roses radio.
After August 16, 2017, channel 41 was rebranded to Turbo.
Turbo is Sirius XM's channel for hard rock from the 1990s and 2000s.
Faction moved to channel 314.
Channel 314 was Turbo's previous channel.
Faction is currently available on select Sirius XM radios.
Faction is currently available on Sirius XM streaming.
Faction is currently available on the Sirius XM smartphone app.
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub was a large concert hall in downtown Baltimore.
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub operated through the 1980s and into the 1990s.
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub was owned by Louis J. Principio III.
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub attracted many big-name national acts.
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub showcased many rising stars in the music world.
The bands at Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub ranged from punk acts.
The bands at Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub ranged from glam acts.
The bands at Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub ranged from heavy metal acts.
Guns n Roses was a band commonly associated with Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub.
Kix was a band commonly associated with Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub.
Ratt was a band commonly associated with Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub.
Skid Row was a band commonly associated with Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub.
Extreme was a band commonly associated with Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub.
Badfinger was a pop band that performed at Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub.
Goo Goo Dolls was an alternative rock group that performed at Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub.
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub was often frequented by hard core patrons.
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub was often frequented by musicians.
Musicians at Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub donned big hair.
Musicians at Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub donned leather.
Musicians at Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub donned lace.
Musicians at Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub donned spandex.
Musicians at Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub donned heavy makeup.
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub was considered a 'hard rock shrine.'
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub attracted audiences with other attire as well.
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub was torn down on June 12, 1997.
The demolition of Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub made way for M&T Bank Stadium parking lot.
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub was billed as 'The largest nightclub on the east coast.'
The Recycler classified newspaper was born in 1973.
The Recycler classified newspaper was relaunched in 2010 as a national website.
The Recycler classified newspaper was one of the first online classified sites on the web.
The Recycler classified newspaper helped to launch the careers of many Los Angeles bands.
The Recycler classified newspaper helped to launch the careers of Guns N Roses.
The Recycler classified newspaper helped to launch the careers of Metallica.
The Recycler classified newspaper helped to launch the careers of Motley Crue.
The Los Angeles Times sold the company in 2007.
The company was sold to Target Media Partners.
The company is now located in North Hollywood, California.
Last Action Hero is a 1993 American fantasy action comedy film.
John McTiernan directed Last Action Hero.
John McTiernan produced Last Action Hero.
Last Action Hero is a satire of the action genre and associated clichés.
Last Action Hero contains several parodies of action films.
The parodies in Last Action Hero are presented in the form of films within the film.
The film stars Arnold Schwarzenegger as Jack Slater.
Jack Slater is a Los Angeles police detective.
Jack Slater is a character within the 'Jack Slater' action film franchise.
Austin O'Brien co-stars in Last Action Hero.
Austin O'Brien plays a boy who is magically transported into the 'Slater' universe.
Arnold Schwarzenegger also served as the executive producer of Last Action Hero.
Arnold Schwarzenegger plays himself as the actor portraying Jack Slater.
Charles Dance plays an assassin in Last Action Hero.
The assassin played by Charles Dance escapes from the 'Slater' world into the real world.
True Lies is a 1994 American action film.
True Lies was written by James Cameron.
True Lies was co-produced by James Cameron.
True Lies was directed by James Cameron.
True Lies stars Arnold Schwarzenegger.
True Lies stars Jamie Lee Curtis.
True Lies stars Tom Arnold.
True Lies stars Art Malik.
True Lies stars Tia Carrere.
True Lies stars Bill Paxton.
True Lies stars Eliza Dushku.
True Lies stars Grant Heslov.
True Lies stars Charlton Heston.
True Lies is a loose remake of the 1991 French comedy film 'La Totale!'.
The film follows U.S. government agent Harry Tasker.
Harry Tasker is portrayed by Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Harry Tasker balances his life as a spy with his familial duties.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is an actor.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has appeared in over 30 films.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has ventured into directing.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has ventured into producing.
Arnold Schwarzenegger began his acting career primarily with small roles in film.
Arnold Schwarzenegger began his acting career primarily with small roles in television.
For his first film role, Arnold Schwarzenegger was credited as 'Arnold Strong'.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was credited with his birth name thereafter.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has appeared mainly in action films.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has appeared mainly in comedy films.
In addition to films, Arnold Schwarzenegger has appeared in television.
In addition to films and television, Arnold Schwarzenegger has appeared in music videos.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has appeared in music videos for AC/DC.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has appeared in music videos for Bon Jovi.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has appeared in music videos for Guns N' Roses.
Pershing Square Capital Management is an American hedge fund management company.
Pershing Square Capital Management was founded by Bill Ackman.
Bill Ackman runs Pershing Square Capital Management.
Pershing Square Capital Management is located at 888 7th Avenue in New York.
Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements.
Loan modification helps individuals having problems making mortgage payments.
Loan modification can reduce interest rates, monthly payments, or principal balances.
Lending institutions could make one or more changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers.
Lending institutions aim to prevent the condition of foreclosure.
Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market.
The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market involved Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, and other contributors like MER's.
Crimes of Mortgage and Real Estate Staff had long assisted in unethical practices.
The deviant practices of certain staff broke the state and caused the crash.
Modification owners were either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS, or letters from President Obama.
Note Holders sent requests to various departments asking for assistance to keep their homes.
The requests were part of the Democratic process to protect homeowners from foreclosure.
The birth of Modifications occurred as a response to these requests.
It is unclear how these enforcements came into existence and by whom.
Note holders from the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance.
The FBI Mortgage Fraud Department was established.
Modifications HMAP and HARP were created to help note holders achieve justice through reduced mortgages.
Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis.
The HAMP TEAMS traveled across the United States to assist homeowners affected by predatory lending practices.
Modification was a response to the crash as litigation ensued against lenders.
Lenders reorganized and renamed lending institutions after the crash.
Government agencies are to closely monitor lending institutions.
Prior to modifications, loan holders experiencing crisis used loan assumptions and loan transfers.
During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumptions, and loan bail-out programs occurred at the state level.
These programs aimed to reduce levels of loan foreclosures.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government, and State Government responded to lending institution violations.
Public court records were set to establish legal precedents for illegal actions.
Legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address violations of laws against consumers.
Modifications were created to assist consumers who were victims of predatory lending practices.
During the Great Recession of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy.
Various actions were taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization.
Absorbent personal profits hindered education for homeowners and creditors about their rights.
The money from equity and escrow belongs to the Loan Note Holder.
The real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit from obtaining the mortgage holders' escrow.
Escrow and equity accrued from Note Holders' payments were claimed by various staff in real estate.
Local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, and lending institutional staff were involved in these claims.
Attorneys who are also typically owners of rental properties were trained through bankruptcies.
These attorneys collected escrow that rightfully belonged to homeowners.
Most homeowners are unaware of the money due to them and how they can lose their escrow.
Most creditors are unaware that as note holders, they are due an annual or semi-annual equity check.
Banks and other lending or legal institutions staff claim this money instead.
The money that note holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate.
The cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 was the profit from obtaining mortgages.
Lending institutions provided mortgages to individuals they knew would eventually default.
Loan holders purchased balloon mortgages, which are designed to make fast money off the note holder.
Note holders are typically unaware of their escrow and equity.
Consumers were further victimized by conferences and books on how to make money in real estate.
The key to the crash was not the house, but the loan product used and the interest accrued from note holders.
The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending began with the inception of balloon mortgages.
Illegal activity has always existed in the lending arena.
The crash created watchdog agencies like HAMP TEAM, IRS, Comptroller, Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, and ICE.
These agencies examine if houses were purchased through processed checks at Government Debited offices.
Many individuals were incarcerated for illegal actions related to mortgage fraud.
Modifications fixed the notes to proper lower interest rates, escrow, and tax fees.
Many individuals from various arenas involved in real estate have been incarcerated for illegal actions.
Charging for a modification is illegal.
Modifications were also made to address falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges.
Filing of fraudulent deeds and reporting of fraudulent mortgages occurred in the real estate chain.
Collusion was often done to defraud and steal from note holders.
The common practice of defrauding note holders contributed to the Mortgage Crash in 2008.
Balloon mortgages and loans were given to staff in the real estate market with the expectation that loan holders would default.
The market relied heavily on consumers' ignorance to prosper.
Consumers were often unaware of real estate terms and what they should be charged.
Staff in real estate lending arenas mingled terms to deceive consumers out of cash and homes.
The USA Government provided justice through President Obama's inception and IRS inception of modifications.
In 2009, HARP, HAMP, and modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of note holders.
Legal action against institutions with unethical business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases.
It is unlawful for attorneys to charge for modifications.
It is also illegal for banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage or change lending products to balloon loans.
888 7th Avenue is a 628 ft tall modern-style office skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan.
888 7th Avenue was completed in 1969.
888 7th Avenue has 46 floors.
Emery Roth & Sons designed the building known as 888 7th Avenue.
888 7th Avenue is tied with Central Park Place for the 65th tallest building in New York City.
888 7th Avenue currently carries the Vornado Realty Trust corporate headquarters.
888 7th Avenue was previously known as the Arlen Building.
The namesake of the Arlen Building is Arlen Realty & Development Corporation.
The Red Eye Grill is located in 888 7th Avenue at street level.
Villard is also known as Villard Books.
Villard is a publishing imprint of Random House.
Random House is one of the largest publishing companies in the world.
Villard was founded in 1983.
Villard began as an independent imprint of Random House.
Villard is currently a sub-imprint of Ballantine Books.
Ballantine Books is an imprint of Random House.
Villard was named after a Stanford White brownstone mansion on Madison Avenue.
The Stanford White brownstone mansion on Madison Avenue was the home of Random House for twenty years.
The Random House Tower is a 52-story mixed-use tower in New York City.
The Random House Tower is also known as the Park Imperial Apartments.
The Random House Tower is used as the headquarters of the book publisher Random House.
The Random House Tower is used as a luxury apartment complex.
The book publisher Random House has an entrance on Broadway.
The entrance for the book publisher Random House goes up to 27 floors.
The apartment complex has an entrance on West 56th Street.
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is a skyscraper.
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is also known as the Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Tower.
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is also known as the Federal Court House Tower.
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is also known as the Stokes Tower.
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is a 23-story building.
The height of the Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is 430 ft.
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is located at the corner of Huron Road and Superior Avenue.
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is currently the fourth tallest United States courthouse in the country.
South Phoenix is a region of Phoenix, Arizona.
The boundaries of South Phoenix are the Gila River Indian Community to the south and west.
The boundaries of South Phoenix are 48th Street or Interstate-10 to the east.
The boundaries of South Phoenix are the Salt River to the north.
South Phoenix includes Phoenix's Urban Villages.
The Urban Villages in South Phoenix are South Mountain Village, Laveen Village, and Ahwatukee Village.
South Mountain Village is also known as South Mountain District.
Residents sometimes refer to South Phoenix as 'the Southside'.
Major arterial east-west streets in South Phoenix include Broadway Road, Southern Avenue, Baseline Road, Dobbins Road, Elliott Road, Warner Road, Chandler Boulevard, and Pecos Road.
Most of the major arterial east-west streets connect South Phoenix with the suburbs of Tempe and Chandler.
Major arterial south-north streets in South Phoenix include 24th Street, 16th Street, 7th Street, Central Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 19th Avenue.
The major arterial south-north streets connect South Mountain Village to Central and North Phoenix.
Major arterial south-north streets also include 27th Avenue, 35th Avenue, 43rd Avenue, 51st Avenue, 59th Avenue, 67th Avenue, and 75th Avenue.
These major arterial south-north streets connect Laveen to west Phoenix.
Major arterial south-north streets also include 32nd Street, 40th Street, and 48th Street.
These major arterial south-north streets connect South Mountain Village to east Phoenix and Tempe.
Real estate benchmarking is the standard of measurement used to analyze the financial characteristics of a real estate investment property.
In the general sense, real estate benchmarking refers to the comparison of potential real estate investment properties against a predetermined framework of measurement.
In a narrow sense, the term real estate benchmarking refers to the specific real estate indicators used to measure the real estate properties.
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is an inner suburban neighbourhood in northwest Calgary.
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is located in Alberta, Canada.
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is located north of the Hillhurst community.
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is located north of the West Hillhurst community.
The boundaries of Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill are defined by 16th Avenue N (Trans-Canada Highway) to the north.
The boundaries of Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill are defined by 14th Street W to the east.
The boundaries of Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill are defined by the lane north of 7th Avenue N to 19th Street W and 8th Avenue N to the south.
The boundaries of Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill are defined by Crowchild Trail, 12th Avenue N, Juniper Road, and 22nd Street W to the west.
Lions Park C-Train station is located within the Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill community.
The Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill community is built on an escarpment.
The Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill community is popular for its views of downtown Calgary to the south.
The Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill community is popular for its views of the Rocky Mountains to the west.
Real Estate Technology is often referred to as RE Tech.
Real Estate Technology is often referred to as Proptech.
Real Estate Technology is an economic industry composed of companies.
Companies in Real Estate Technology use technology to make real estate transactions more efficient.
Real Estate Technology is a sub-category under financial technology.
Real estate is an asset class which represents a significant investment.
There are investors who generate income and capital gains by investing in different categories of Real Estate properties over time.
The categories of Real Estate properties are broadly residential, commercial, and industrial.
Historically, real estate has been used as a more tactical investment.
Real estate has been used for providing portfolio alpha.
Real estate has been used as part of a long-term core strategy due to increased market efficiency.
There are increasing concerns about the future long-term variability of stock and bond returns.
Real estate is known for its ability to serve as a portfolio diversifier.
Real estate is known for its ability to serve as an inflation hedge.
The Sir Matt Busby Sports Complex is a public leisure centre.
The Sir Matt Busby Sports Complex is located in Bellshill.
Bellshill is in North Lanarkshire.
North Lanarkshire is in Scotland.
The Sir Matt Busby Sports Complex is named in honour of Sir Matt Busby.
Sir Matt Busby was a football manager.
Sir Matt Busby was born in Bellshill in 1909.
Sir Matt Busby managed Manchester United from 1945 to 1969.
Sir Matt Busby died in 1994.
The 1995–96 season was Manchester United's fourth season in the Premier League.
The 1995–96 season was Manchester United's 21st consecutive season in the top division of English football.
Manchester United finished the 1995–96 season by becoming the first English team to win the Double.
The Double consists of the league title and the FA Cup.
Manchester United's triumph in the 1995–96 season was made all the more remarkable by the fact that Alex Ferguson had sold experienced players before the start of the season.
The experienced players sold by Alex Ferguson before the start of the 1995–96 season included Paul Ince.
The experienced players sold by Alex Ferguson before the start of the 1995–96 season included Mark Hughes.
The experienced players sold by Alex Ferguson before the start of the 1995–96 season included Andrei Kanchelskis.
Alex Ferguson did not make any major signings before the start of the 1995–96 season.
Instead, Alex Ferguson had drafted in young players before the start of the 1995–96 season.
The young players drafted in by Alex Ferguson included Nicky Butt.
The young players drafted in by Alex Ferguson included David Beckham.
The young players drafted in by Alex Ferguson included Paul Scholes.
The young players drafted in by Alex Ferguson included Gary Neville.
The young players drafted in by Alex Ferguson included Phil Neville.
Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson is a Scottish former football manager and player.
Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson was born on 31 December 1941.
Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson managed Manchester United from 1986 to 2013.
Many players regard Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson to be one of the greatest and most successful managers of all time.
Many managers regard Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson to be one of the greatest and most successful managers of all time.
Many analysts regard Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson to be one of the greatest and most successful managers of all time.
The David Beckham Academy was a football school.
The David Beckham Academy was founded by David Beckham.
David Beckham was an England international.
The David Beckham Academy was founded in 2005.
In 2009, the David Beckham Academy operated in two locations.
The two locations were in London, United Kingdom, and in Los Angeles, California, United States.
The David Beckham Academy pulled out of the London site at the end of the lease in October 2009.
The California branch of the David Beckham Academy closed soon after the London site pulled out.
David Beckham's Soccer USA was a football highlights and general discussion show.
Tim Lovejoy presented David Beckham's Soccer USA.
David Beckham's Soccer USA was produced and broadcast in the United Kingdom by Five.
David Beckham's Soccer USA began following David Beckham's move to Los Angeles Galaxy.
David Beckham often contributes to David Beckham's Soccer USA in the form of interviews.
Each week there was a special guest in the studio on David Beckham's Soccer USA.
The special guest on David Beckham's Soccer USA was usually a British sports personality.
Tim Lovejoy chatted with the special guest about their career on David Beckham's Soccer USA.
Tim Lovejoy chatted with the special guest about their views on Major League Soccer on David Beckham's Soccer USA.
A slightly different version of David Beckham's Soccer USA was hosted by Natalie Pinkham.
The slightly different version of David Beckham's Soccer USA was completely devoid of any content derived from British studio footage.
The slightly different version of David Beckham's Soccer USA was broadcast in the USA on Fox Soccer Channel.
The 1996 FA Charity Shield was the 74th FA Charity Shield.
The 1996 FA Charity Shield is also known as the Littlewoods FA Charity Shield for sponsorship reasons.
The FA Charity Shield is an annual football match.
The FA Charity Shield is played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions.
The match was played on 11 August 1996 at Wembley Stadium.
The match was contested by Manchester United.
Manchester United had won the Double of Premier League and FA Cup in 1995–96.
The match was contested by Newcastle United.
Newcastle United had finished as runners-up in the Premier League.
Manchester United won the match 4–0.
The goals for Manchester United were scored by Eric Cantona.
The goals for Manchester United were scored by Nicky Butt.
The goals for Manchester United were scored by David Beckham.
The goals for Manchester United were scored by Roy Keane.
Joshua Parlby was born in 1855.
Joshua Parlby was born in Longton, Staffordshire.
Joshua Parlby was an English football manager.
Joshua Parlby managed Manchester City in the 1890s.
James Ernest Mangnall was born on 4 January 1866.
James Ernest Mangnall died on 13 January 1932.
James Ernest Mangnall was an English football manager.
James Ernest Mangnall started his career with Burnley.
James Ernest Mangnall managed Manchester United between 1903 and 1912.
James Ernest Mangnall managed Manchester City from 1912 to 1924.
James Ernest Mangnall is the only man to date to have managed both Manchester United and Manchester City.
The Class of '92 is a 2013 British documentary film.
The Class of '92 was released on 1 December 2013.
The film centres on the rise of six young Manchester United footballers.
The six young Manchester United footballers are David Beckham, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville, and Paul Scholes.
The film details the careers of David Beckham, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville, and Paul Scholes for Manchester United.
The careers of David Beckham, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville, and Paul Scholes for Manchester United started in 1992.
Sir Alexander Matthew Busby was a Scottish football player.
Sir Alexander Matthew Busby was a Scottish football manager.
Sir Alexander Matthew Busby managed Manchester United between 1945 and 1969.
Sir Alexander Matthew Busby managed Manchester United again for the second half of the 1970–71 season.
Sir Alexander Matthew Busby is widely regarded as one of the greatest managers of all time.
Sir Alexander Matthew Busby's managerial records and longevity at the helm of Manchester United are surpassed only by Sir Alex Ferguson.
Fishing Lake is a lake in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Fishing Lake is located between highway 5 and highway 16.
Fishing Lake is 22 km north of the town of Foam Lake, Saskatchewan.
Fishing Lake is 24 km east of the town of Wadena, Saskatchewan.
Fishing Lake does not have an effective outlet channel.
Fishing Lake is prone to flooding.
Record floods occurred in 2007.
The Government of Saskatchewan created a plan to lower the level of Fishing Lake by digging a drainage channel.
The Fishing Lake First Nation opposed the plan by the Government of Saskatchewan.
Flood control berms were constructed instead of the drainage channel.
Neosho State Fishing Lake is also known as Lake McKinley.
Neosho State Fishing Lake is located in the state of Kansas.
Neosho State Fishing Lake is located 5 miles north on highway 59 and 4 miles east on 40th Rd from the city of Parsons, Kansas, USA.
The construction of Neosho State Fishing Lake was completed in 1927.
Neosho State Fishing Lake covers 92 acres of water.
There are 124 public use acres surrounding Neosho State Fishing Lake.
Fishing is a popular activity at Neosho State Fishing Lake.
Camping is a popular activity at Neosho State Fishing Lake.
Picnicking is a popular activity at Neosho State Fishing Lake.
Neosho State Fishing Lake has a shelter house.
Neosho State Fishing Lake has fishing piers.
Neosho State Fishing Lake has picnic tables.
Neosho State Fishing Lake has barbecue grills.
Neosho State Fishing Lake has vault toilets.
Neosho State Fishing Lake has a water hydrant.
Below Lake McKinley dam is a catch and release youth fishing pond for anglers age 15 and under when with an accompanying adult.
Neosho State Fishing Lake is operated by the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks.
Higgins Lake is a large recreational and fishing lake in Roscommon County.
Higgins Lake is located in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Higgins Lake covers an area of 9,900 acres.
9,900 acres is equivalent to 40 km².
Higgins Lake is known for its deep, clear waters.
Higgins Lake is the 10th largest lake in Michigan.
Higgins Lake has a shoreline of 21 miles.
Higgins Lake is named after Sylvester Higgins.
Sylvester Higgins was the first chief of the topographical department of the Michigan Geological Survey.
Higgins Lake has a maximum width of 4 miles.
Higgins Lake has a length of 7 miles.
Higgins Lake has a maximum depth of 135 feet.
The mean depth of Higgins Lake is 44 feet.
Higgins Lake contains almost 20 billion cubic feet of water.
20 billion cubic feet of water is equivalent to 570 million m³.
The retention time of Higgins Lake is about 12.5 years.
The watershed of Higgins Lake covers 19,000 acres.
19,000 acres is equivalent to 77 km².
Higgins Lake receives half of its water from submerged springs.
Higgins Lake receives six percent of its water from incoming streams.
Higgins Lake receives the remainder of its water from direct rainfall and runoff.
Higgins Lake drains into Marl Lake by the Cut River.
The Cut River runs into Houghton Lake.
Houghton Lake eventually drains into Lake Michigan.
A mile north of Higgins Lake, water flows into the Lake Huron watershed.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake is approximately eight miles northwest of Topeka, Kansas.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake is located in northern Shawnee County, Kansas.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake is sometimes confused with Lake Shawnee.
Lake Shawnee is located on the east side of Topeka.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake has a surface area of 135 acres.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake has a maximum depth of 25 feet.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake is a manmade freshwater lake.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake was constructed in the late 1960s.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake is widest at the dam.
The dam is located at the south end of Shawnee State Fishing Lake.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake can be reached by a number of roads.
The only asphalted road reaching Shawnee State Fishing Lake is on the southeast corner.
94th Street is located to the north of Shawnee State Fishing Lake.
Humphrey Road is located on the west side of Shawnee State Fishing Lake.
Brown State Fishing Lake is a protected area in Brown County, Kansas in the United States.
Brown State Fishing Lake is sometimes also known as Brown State Fishing Lake And Wildlife Area.
The lake has an area of 62 acres.
62 acres is equivalent to 0.25 km².
The lake is up to 13 feet deep.
13 feet is equivalent to 4 m.
The area was formerly known as Brown County State Park.
Brown State Fishing Lake is located 8 miles east of Hiawatha, Kansas.
8 miles is equivalent to 13 km.
Osage State Fishing Lake is located in northern Osage County, Kansas.
Osage State Fishing Lake is a mile east of US 75.
Scranton, Kansas, is to the northwest of Osage State Fishing Lake.
Overbrook, Kansas, is to the northeast of Osage State Fishing Lake.
Osage State Fishing Lake is a freshwater man-made lake.
Osage State Fishing Lake was constructed in 1955.
Osage State Fishing Lake has a surface area of 140 acres.
The parkland in which Osage State Fishing Lake is contained has 366 acres of land.
The land in the parkland is mostly tall grass prairie.
The parkland has numerous wooded areas.
Osage State Fishing Lake is owned by the State of Kansas.
Higgins Lake is a small unincorporated community.
Higgins Lake is located along the southern and western shores of Higgins Lake.
Higgins Lake is a recreational and fishing lake.
Higgins Lake is located in Roscommon County.
Roscommon County is in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Higgins Lake is the name of the post office for the area.
The ZIP code for Higgins Lake is 48627.
The ZIP code 48627 includes several other small communities and locales.
The other small communities and locales along the shores of Higgins Lake include Hillcrest.
The other small communities and locales along the shores of Higgins Lake include Lyon Manor.
The other small communities and locales along the shores of Higgins Lake include Detroit Park.
The other small communities and locales along the shores of Higgins Lake include Cook Corner.
The other small communities and locales along the shores of Higgins Lake include Sharps Corner.
The other small communities and locales along the shores of Higgins Lake include Almeda Beach.
The other small communities and locales along the shores of Higgins Lake include Oak Grove.
The other small communities and locales along the shores of Higgins Lake include Ritz Corner.
The other small communities and locales along the shores of Higgins Lake include Pine Bluffs.
The other small communities and locales along the shores of Higgins Lake include Cottage Grove.
All communities with Higgins Lake as a postal address are often considered as part of the Higgins Lake community.
Higgins Lake is situated on the boundary between Lyon Township on the west and Gerrish Township on the east.
US 127 passes on the west side of Higgins Lake.
I-75 passes a few miles to the east of Higgins Lake.
M-18 passes a few miles to the east of Higgins Lake.
Houghton Lake is just a few miles to the south of Higgins Lake.
Wilson Lake is located in Iron County.
Wilson Lake is located outside of Wilson Creek Flowage.
Wilson Lake is one of seven lakes in the state with the name Wilson Lake.
This particular Wilson Lake is a popular fishing lake.
Wilson Lake is located 5 miles from the town of Mercer.
Wilson Lake has three bays.
Wilson Lake has two islands.
Water feeds and drains in the South Bay of Wilson Lake.
The public boat landing is located in the Main Bay on the west side of Wilson Lake.
The North Bay of Wilson Lake has the most marsh vegetation.
There are many cabins located on Wilson Lake for residents.
There are many cabins located on Wilson Lake for vacationers to the North Woods.
Narrow Hills Provincial Park is a provincial park in Saskatchewan.
Narrow Hills Provincial Park is located in Canada.
Narrow Hills Provincial Park contains a series of recreational facilities.
Narrow Hills Provincial Park contains a variety of lakes within its boundaries.
The lakes within Narrow Hills Provincial Park include the Gem Lakes.
The lakes within Narrow Hills Provincial Park include Lower Fishing Lake.
The lakes within Narrow Hills Provincial Park include Upper Fishing Lake.
There are other lakes within Narrow Hills Provincial Park.
Commanda Lake is a lake in central Ontario, Canada.
Commanda Lake is also known as Lake Commanda.
Commanda Lake is located on the border between Patterson Township and Pringle Township.
Commanda Lake is in the Almaguin Highlands region of the District of Parry Sound.
Commanda Lake is fed by Gee Creek.
Commanda Lake is fed by Commanda Creek.
Commanda Lake is fed by Beaudry Creek.
Commanda Lake is drained by the Restoule River.
Commanda Lake is shaped like the number '3'.
The middle spur of Commanda Lake is called Deep Bay.
Commanda Lake is home to one permanent island.
The permanent island in Commanda Lake is located off a point in its east.
Commanda Lake has a mud bottom.
The water of Commanda Lake is 'tea coloured'.
On the north shore of Commanda Lake is the community of Restoule.
Cottages line many of the shorelines of Commanda Lake.
Lots of crown land surrounds the shoreline of Commanda Lake.
The crown land surrounding Commanda Lake makes it a very peaceful lake for people of all ages to enjoy.
Commanda Lake has one public boat launch.
The public boat launch on Commanda Lake is located towards the southern end of the lake.
The public boat launch on Commanda Lake is accessible on Commanda Lake Road.
Commanda Lake is located at an altitude of 222 m (729 ft) above sea level.
Commanda Lake is home to the Northern pike species of fish.
Commanda Lake is home to the Walleye species of fish.
Commanda Lake is home to the Smallmouth bass species of fish.
Commanda Lake is home to the Largemouth bass species of fish.
Ice gets thick in the winter on Commanda Lake.
Commanda Lake is an all year round fishing lake.
The Vermont Catamounts men's soccer team represents the University of Vermont.
The Vermont Catamounts men's soccer team competes in all NCAA Division I men's college soccer competitions.
The Vermont Catamounts men's soccer team competes in the America East Conference.
The 2014–15 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team was led by John Becker.
John Becker was the fourth year head coach of the Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team played their home games at Patrick Gym.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team were members of the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team finished the season with a record of 20–14.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team had a record of 12–4 in America East play.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team finished in a tie for second place in the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team advanced to the semifinals of the America East Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team lost to Stony Brook in the semifinals of the America East Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team were invited to the College Basketball Invitational.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team defeated Hofstra in the first round of the College Basketball Invitational.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team defeated Radford in the quarterfinals of the College Basketball Invitational.
The Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team lost in the semifinals of the College Basketball Invitational to Louisiana–Monroe.
The 2015–16 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Vermont Catamounts were led by John Becker.
John Becker was the fifth year head coach of the Vermont Catamounts.
The Vermont Catamounts played their home games at Patrick Gym.
The Vermont Catamounts were members of the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts finished the season with a record of 23–14.
The Vermont Catamounts had a record of 11–5 in America East play.
The Vermont Catamounts finished in a tie for third place in the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts defeated Maine to advance to the championship game of the America East Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts defeated New Hampshire to advance to the championship game of the America East Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts lost to Stony Brook in the championship game of the America East Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts were invited to the College Basketball Invitational.
The Vermont Catamounts defeated Western Carolina in the College Basketball Invitational.
The Vermont Catamounts defeated Seattle in the College Basketball Invitational.
The Vermont Catamounts advanced to the semifinals of the College Basketball Invitational.
The Vermont Catamounts lost to Nevada in the semifinals of the College Basketball Invitational.
The 2012–13 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Vermont Catamounts were led by John Becker.
John Becker was the second year head coach of the Vermont Catamounts.
The Vermont Catamounts played their home games at Patrick Gym.
The Vermont Catamounts were members of the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts finished the season with a record of 21–12.
The Vermont Catamounts had a record of 11–5 in America East play.
The Vermont Catamounts finished in a tie for second place in the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts advanced to the championship game of the America East Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts lost to Albany in the championship game of the America East Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts were invited to the 2013 College Basketball Invitational.
The Vermont Catamounts lost in the first round of the 2013 College Basketball Invitational to Santa Clara.
The Vermont Catamounts Basketball team is the basketball team that represents the University of Vermont.
The University of Vermont is located in Burlington, Vermont.
The Vermont Catamounts Basketball team currently competes in the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts Basketball team plays its home games at Patrick Gym.
The Vermont Catamounts Basketball team has reached the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament six times.
The years in which the Vermont Catamounts Basketball team reached the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament are 2003, 2004, 2005, 2010, 2012, and 2017.
The Vermont Catamounts Basketball team famously upset Syracuse University in the first round of the 2005 tournament.
John Becker is the coach of the Vermont Catamounts Basketball team.
The 2010–11 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont in the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Vermont Catamounts won their third consecutive America East Conference regular season Championship.
The Vermont Catamounts lost in the semifinals of the America East Conference tournament to Stony Brook.
The Vermont Catamounts got invited to the National Invitation Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts lost in the first round of the National Invitation Tournament to Cleveland State.
The final score of the game between the Vermont Catamounts and Cleveland State was 63–60.
The 2013–14 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Vermont Catamounts were led by John Becker.
John Becker was the third year head coach of the Vermont Catamounts.
The Vermont Catamounts played their home games at Patrick Gym.
The Vermont Catamounts were members of the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts finished the season with a record of 22–11.
The Vermont Catamounts had a record of 15–1 in America East play.
The Vermont Catamounts won the America East regular season championship.
The Vermont Catamounts advanced to the semifinals of the America East Conference Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts lost to Albany in the semifinals of the America East Conference Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts received an automatic bid to the National Invitation Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts lost in the first round of the National Invitation Tournament to Georgia.
The Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey team is a National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I college ice hockey program.
The Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey team represents the University of Vermont.
The Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey team is a member of Hockey East.
The Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey team joined Hockey East in 2005.
The Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey team competed in ECAC Hockey from 1974 to 2005.
The Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey team plays home games at Gutterson Fieldhouse.
Gutterson Fieldhouse is located in Burlington, Vermont.
The University of Vermont has appeared in the NCAA Men's Hockey Championship five times since making the move to Division I in the 1974-75 season.
The University of Vermont made trips to the Frozen Four in 1996.
The University of Vermont made trips to the Frozen Four in 2009.
The 2011–12 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Vermont Catamounts were led by John Becker.
John Becker was the first year head coach of the Vermont Catamounts.
The Vermont Catamounts played their home games at Patrick Gym.
The Vermont Catamounts are members of the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts finished the season with a record of 24–12.
The Vermont Catamounts finished with a record of 13–3 in America East play.
The Vermont Catamounts finished in second place in the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts were champions of the America East Basketball Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts earned the conference's automatic bid into the 2012 NCAA Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts defeated Lamar in the 'First Four' round of the 2012 NCAA Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts fell to North Carolina in the second round of the 2012 NCAA Tournament.
The 2016–17 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Vermont Catamounts were led by John Becker.
John Becker was the sixth-year head coach of the Vermont Catamounts.
The Vermont Catamounts played their home games at Patrick Gym.
Patrick Gym is located in Burlington, Vermont.
The Vermont Catamounts were members of the America East Conference.
The Vermont Catamounts finished the season with a record of 29–6.
The Vermont Catamounts had a record of 16–0 in America East play.
The Vermont Catamounts won the America East regular season championship.
In the America East Tournament, the Vermont Catamounts defeated Maine.
In the America East Tournament, the Vermont Catamounts defeated New Hampshire.
In the America East Tournament, the Vermont Catamounts defeated Albany.
The Vermont Catamounts won the America East Tournament championship.
As a result of winning the America East Tournament championship, the Vermont Catamounts received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts were a No. 13 seed in the Midwest region of the NCAA Tournament.
The Vermont Catamounts lost to No. 4-seeded Purdue in the first round of the NCAA Tournament.
Mignon is an opéra comique in three acts.
Mignon is also an opera in its second version.
Mignon was composed by Ambroise Thomas.
The original French libretto was written by Jules Barbier and Michel Carré.
The original French libretto is based on Goethe's novel Wilhelm Meisters Lehrjahre.
The Italian version of Mignon was translated by Giuseppe Zaffira.
Mignon is mentioned in James Joyce's work The Dead.
The Dead is part of James Joyce's collection Dubliners.
Mignon is mentioned in Willa Cather's work The Professor's House.
Mignon Nevada is the goddaughter of Ambroise Thomas.
Mignon Nevada was named after the main character of Mignon.
Teatro Giuseppe Verdi is a small opera house.
Teatro Giuseppe Verdi is located in a wing of the Rocca dei Marchesi Pallavicino.
Rocca dei Marchesi Pallavicino is on the Piazza Giuseppe Verdi in Busseto, Italy.
Busseto is a town closely associated with the life of the opera composer, Giuseppe Verdi.
From the 13th century, the rocca or fortress was the family’s palace.
The rocca is now the city hall.
The municipality acquired the rocca in 1856.
The theatre opened on 15 August 1868.
Teatro Giuseppe Verdi seats 300 people.
Parma Airport is located 1.3 nautical miles northwest of Parma.
Parma is a city in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.
Parma Airport was opened on 5 May 1991.
Parma Airport is also known as Giuseppe Verdi Airport.
Parma Airport is also known as Parma 'Giuseppe Verdi' Airport.
Parma Airport is named after Giuseppe Verdi.
Giuseppe Verdi is a 1953 Italian biographical film.
Giuseppe Verdi was released theatrically in the USA as The Life and Music of Giuseppe Verdi.
Giuseppe Verdi was released on video as Verdi, the King of Melody.
Pierre Cressoy stars in the film Giuseppe Verdi.
Raffaello Matarazzo directed the film Giuseppe Verdi.
The film Giuseppe Verdi is based on adult life events of the composer Giuseppe Verdi.
The film Giuseppe Verdi was a commercial success.
The film Giuseppe Verdi grossed over 957 million lire at the Italian box office.
Armand Castelmary was a French operatic bass.
Armand Castelmary's real name was Comte Armand de Castan.
Armand Castelmary was born in Toulouse on 16 August 1834.
Armand Castelmary died in New York City on 10 February 1897.
Armand Castelmary created roles in three major premieres at the Paris Opera.
Armand Castelmary created the role of Don Diego in 'L'Africaine' by Meyerbeer in 1865.
Armand Castelmary created the role of the Monk in Verdi's 'Don Carlos' in 1867.
Armand Castelmary created the role of Horatio in Ambroise Thomas's 'Hamlet' in 1868.
Armand Castelmary also appeared at opera houses in England.
Armand Castelmary also appeared at opera houses in the United States.
Armand Castelmary died onstage at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York.
Armand Castelmary died during a performance of 'Martha' by Friedrich von Flotow.
Giuseppe Verdi is a 1938 Italian biographical film.
Carmine Gallone directed the film Giuseppe Verdi.
Fosco Giachetti starred in the film Giuseppe Verdi.
Gaby Morlay starred in the film Giuseppe Verdi.
Germana Paolieri starred in the film Giuseppe Verdi.
The film portrays the life of the composer Giuseppe Verdi.
Giuseppe Verdi was born in 1813.
Giuseppe Verdi died in 1901.
The casting of Fosco Giachetti as Giuseppe Verdi was intended to emphasize the composer's patriotism.
Fosco Giachetti had recently played patriotic roles in films such as 'The White Squadron'.
The film was made at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome.
The film Giuseppe Verdi is also known by the alternative title The Life of Giuseppe Verdi.
The Giuseppe Verdi Monument is a sculpture in honor of composer Giuseppe Verdi.
The Giuseppe Verdi Monument is located in Verdi Square Park.
Verdi Square Park is situated between West 72nd and West 73rd streets.
Verdi Square Park is situated between Amsterdam Avenue and Broadway.
Manhattan is a borough of New York City.
The statue was created by Pasquale Civiletti.
Pasquale Civiletti lived from 1858 to 1952.
The statue depicts Giuseppe Verdi flanked by four of his most popular characters.
Falstaff is located on the west side of the statue of Giuseppe Verdi.
Leonora of 'La forza del destino' is located on the south side of the statue of Giuseppe Verdi.
Aida is located on the north side of the statue of Giuseppe Verdi.
Otello is located on the east side of the statue of Giuseppe Verdi.
Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi was a native of Parma, Italy.
Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi lived from 1770 to 1833.
Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi was regarded as one of the greatest Italian opera composers of the era.
Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi is best known as being an early tutor of Giuseppe Verdi.
Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi was the 'Maestro di cappella' at the St. Bartolomeo cathedral in Busseto.
Busseto is the town very close to Le Roncole.
Le Roncole is the village where Giuseppe Verdi was born.
Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi was the director of the municipal music school.
Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi was the director of the local Philharmonic Society.
Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi began teaching Giuseppe Verdi in 1824.
Giuseppe Verdi was 11 years old when Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi began teaching him.
Bernhard Bötel was a German operatic tenor and actor.
Bernhard Bötel had an active career in Germany during the first half of the 20th century.
Bernhard Bötel had an active career in Austria during the first half of the 20th century.
Bernhard Bötel made recordings for several record labels during the early years of the recording industry.
The record labels that Bernhard Bötel made recordings for include His Master's Voice.
The record labels that Bernhard Bötel made recordings for include Odeon Records.
The record labels that Bernhard Bötel made recordings for include Polydor Records.
The record labels that Bernhard Bötel made recordings for include Tri-Ergon.
The record labels that Bernhard Bötel made recordings for include Vox Records.
On the stage, Bernhard Bötel sang a variety of roles in operas and operettas.
Bernhard Bötel sang leading parts on stage.
Bernhard Bötel sang comprimario roles on stage.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Belmonte in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's 'Die Entführung aus dem Serail'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Chapelou in Adolphe Adam's 'Le postillon de Lonjumeau'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Count Almaviva in Gioachino Rossini's 'The Barber of Seville'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Daniel in Franz Lehár's 'The Merry Widow'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included the Duke of Mantua in Giuseppe Verdi's 'Rigoletto'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Gabriel von Eisenstein in Johann Strauss II's 'Die Fledermaus'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Indigo in Johann Strauss' 'Indigo und die vierzig Räuber'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Jeník in Bedřich Smetana's 'The Bartered Bride'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Paolino in Domenico Cimarosa's 'Il matrimonio segreto'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Pâris in Jacques Offenbach's 'La belle Hélène'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Pietro in Franz von Suppé's 'Boccaccio'.
Bernhard Bötel's stage repertoire included Wilhelm Meister in Ambroise Thomas' 'Mignon'.
This list provides a guide to opera composers.
The guide is determined by the presence of opera composers on a majority of compiled lists of significant opera composers.
The 'Lists Consulted' section contains full details.
The composers run from Jacopo Peri to John Adams.
Jacopo Peri wrote the first ever opera in late 16th century Italy.
John Adams is one of the leading figures in the contemporary operatic world.
The brief accompanying notes offer an explanation as to why each composer has been considered major.
A section about major women opera composers is included.
The section about major women opera composers is compiled from the same lists.
For an introduction to operatic history, one should see the entry on opera.
The organisation of the list is by birthdate.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. was born on June 23, 1938.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. is a former national political official.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. is a former college president.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. was the fifteenth president of Wesleyan University.
Wesleyan University is located in Middletown, Connecticut.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. served as president of Wesleyan University from 1995 to 2007.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. served as Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs in the Clinton Administration.
The Clinton Administration lasted from 1993 to 1995.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. served as Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs in the Carter Administration.
The Carter Administration lasted from 1977 to 1979.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. was the President and CEO of National Public Radio.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. served as President and CEO of National Public Radio from 1983 to 1993.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. ran the U.S. Agency for International Development under President Carter.
Douglas Joseph Doug Bennet, Jr. ran the U.S. Agency for International Development from 1979 to 1981.
Robert R. Hood is an American government official.
Robert R. Hood currently serves as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs.
Robert R. Hood was previously vice president for government affairs for CH2M.
Robert R. Hood held a role at the White House as Special Assistant to the President in the Office of Legislative Affairs.
Robert R. Hood held posts at the United States Department of Defense.
Robert R. Hood served as principal deputy assistant secretary for legislative affairs at the United States Department of Defense.
Robert R. Hood served as deputy under secretary of defense for budget and appropriations affairs at the United States Department of Defense.
Robert R. Hood was the director of congressional affairs at the National Nuclear Security Administration.
Assistant Secretary of State is a title used for many executive positions in the United States Department of State.
The title of Assistant Secretary of State ranks below the Under Secretaries.
A set of six Assistant Secretaries reports to the Under Secretary for Political Affairs.
The six Assistant Secretaries manage diplomatic missions within their designated geographic regions.
There is one Assistant Secretary who deals with international organizations.
Assistant Secretaries usually manage individual bureaus of the Department of State.
When the manager of a bureau or another agency holds a title other than Assistant Secretary, it can be said to be of Assistant Secretary equivalent rank.
Examples of titles other than Assistant Secretary include 'Director.'
Assistant Secretaries typically have a set of deputies.
The deputies of Assistant Secretaries are referred to as Deputy Assistant Secretaries (DAS).
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats was born on April 13, 1943, in Baltimore, Maryland.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats is the Vice Chairman of Kissinger Associates.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats served as Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment from 2009 to 2013.
At the time, the position of Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment was entitled Under Secretary of State for Economic, Business, and Agricultural Affairs.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats was formerly the Vice Chairman of Goldman Sachs (International).
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats joined Goldman Sachs (International) in 1982.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats served as Senior Deputy Assistant Secretary at the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs from 1977 to 1979.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats served as Assistant Secretary of State at the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs from 1981 to 1982.
The Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs was formerly known as the Bureau of Economic, Energy, and Business Affairs.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats was the Ambassador and Deputy U.S. Trade Representative from 1979 to 1981.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats served as a senior staff member for International Economic Affairs on the United States National Security Council from 1969 to 1977.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats was a senior economic adviser to Henry Kissinger.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats was a senior economic adviser to General Brent Scowcroft.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats was a senior economic adviser to Zbigniew Brzezinski.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats helped to manage the Nixon administration's opening of diplomatic relations with China's communist government.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats was a recipient of the French Legion of Honor in 1982.
Robert D. 'Bob' Hormats was a recipient of the Arthur S. Flemming Award in 1974.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. was born on 13 November 1902.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. died on 13 September 1997.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. was from Washington, D.C.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. was an American medical educator.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. was an administrator.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. was an advocate of public health.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. was General Douglas MacArthur's personal physician during World War II.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. served in the Pacific theater during World War II.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. held the role of Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs in the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare during the Nixon administration.
The Department of Health, Education, and Welfare is now known as the United States Department of Health and Human Services.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. was the Dean of the University of Southern California's medical school.
Rear Admiral Edward Dana Martin is the former Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs).
Edward Dana Martin was appointed to two terms as Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs).
Edward Dana Martin was originally appointed in 1993.
Edward Dana Martin was appointed again in 1997.
Edward Dana Martin served as the Secretary's principal advisor on matters related to the military health system.
The military health system is represented by the website health.mil.
The mission of the Military Health System (MHS) is to provide optimal Health Services in support of the United States' military mission.
The Military Health System (MHS) is a unique partnership of medical educators, medical researchers, and healthcare providers.
The Military Health System (MHS) includes support personnel worldwide.
The Department of Defense (DoD) enterprise consists of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs).
The Department of Defense (DoD) enterprise includes the medical departments of the Army.
The Department of Defense (DoD) enterprise includes the medical departments of the Navy.
The Department of Defense (DoD) enterprise includes the medical departments of the Marine Corps.
The Department of Defense (DoD) enterprise includes the medical departments of the Air Force.
The Department of Defense (DoD) enterprise includes the medical departments of the Coast Guard.
The Department of Defense (DoD) enterprise includes the medical departments of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The Department of Defense (DoD) enterprise includes the Combatant Command surgeons.
The Department of Defense (DoD) enterprise includes TRICARE providers.
TRICARE providers include private sector healthcare providers.
TRICARE providers include hospitals.
TRICARE providers include pharmacies.
Steven Kenneth Galson was born in 1956.
Steven Kenneth Galson is an American public health physician.
Steven Kenneth Galson is currently the Senior Vice President for Global Regulatory Affairs at Amgen.
Amgen is an innovative global biopharmaceutical company based in Southern California.
Steven Kenneth Galson is also a Professor-at-Large at the Keck Graduate Institute for Applied Life Sciences.
The Keck Graduate Institute for Applied Life Sciences is located in Claremont, California.
Steven Kenneth Galson is a retired rear admiral in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps.
Steven Kenneth Galson is a public health administrator.
Steven Kenneth Galson served as the acting Surgeon General of the United States from October 1, 2007 to October 1, 2009.
Steven Kenneth Galson served concurrently as the acting Assistant Secretary for Health from January 22, 2009 to June 25, 2009.
Steven Kenneth Galson served as the Deputy Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research at the Food and Drug Administration from 2001 to 2007.
Steven Kenneth Galson served as the Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research at the Food and Drug Administration from 2001 to 2007.
As the Acting Surgeon General, Steven Kenneth Galson was the commander of the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps.
While serving as the Assistant Secretary for Health, Steven Kenneth Galson was the operational head of the Public Health Service.
Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr. was born in 1953.
Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr. is a retired officer of the United States Air Force.
Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr. was the 18th Surgeon General of the United States Air Force.
The headquarters of the United States Air Force is located in Washington, D.C.
Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr. served as the senior Air Force officer responsible for comprehensive management of the Air Force Medical Service.
In his capacity as Surgeon General, Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr. advises the Secretary of the Air Force.
In his capacity as Surgeon General, Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr. advises the Air Force Chief of Staff.
In his capacity as Surgeon General, Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr. advises the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs.
Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr. advises on matters pertaining to the medical aspects of the air expeditionary force.
Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr. advises on the health care of 2.6 million Air Force beneficiaries.
The Surgeon General has the authority to commit resources for the Air Force Medical Service.
The Surgeon General has the authority to make decisions affecting the delivery of medical services.
The Surgeon General develops plans, programs, and procedures to support worldwide medical service missions.
The Surgeon General exercises direction, guidance, and technical management of more than 42,000 people.
The more than 42,000 people are assigned to 74 medical treatment facilities worldwide.
From September 7, 2010 to December 22, 2010, Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr. served as the acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs.
Bradford P. Campbell was the Assistant Secretary for Employee Benefits Security of the United States Department of Labor.
The United States Department of Labor is abbreviated as DOL.
Bradford P. Campbell was the official in charge of the Employee Benefits Security Administration.
The Employee Benefits Security Administration is abbreviated as EBSA.
President George W. Bush nominated Bradford P. Campbell as Assistant Secretary on May 3, 2007.
The United States Senate unanimously confirmed Bradford P. Campbell on August 3, 2007.
Bradford P. Campbell held the position of Assistant Secretary until January 20, 2009.
Prior to his confirmation as Assistant Secretary, Bradford P. Campbell served as Acting Assistant Secretary since October 30, 2006.
Bradford P. Campbell served as EBSA's Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy since March 5, 2004.
The Office of Population Affairs is a part of the United States Department of Health and Human Services.
The Office of Population Affairs is within the Office of Public Health and Science.
The Office of Population Affairs serves as the focal point to advise the Secretary of Health and the Assistant Secretary for Health.
The Office of Population Affairs advises on a wide range of reproductive health topics.
The wide range of reproductive health topics includes adolescent pregnancy.
The wide range of reproductive health topics includes family planning.
The wide range of reproductive health topics includes sterilization.
The wide range of reproductive health topics includes other population issues.
The Office of Population Affairs was created by an Act of Congress in 1970.
The Act of Congress that created the Office of Population Affairs is Public Law 91-572.
The Act of Congress that created the Office of Population Affairs is 84 Stat. 1504.
The Act of Congress that created the Office of Population Affairs was enacted on Dec. 24, 1970.
The Office of Population Affairs operates under the direction of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Population Affairs.
The Office of Population Affairs has three component offices responsible for the oversight of program functions.
One component office of the Office of Population Affairs is the Office of Family Planning.
Another component office of the Office of Population Affairs is the Office of Adolescent Pregnancy Programs.
Another component office of the Office of Population Affairs is the Office of Research and Evaluation.
Gretchen Osgood Warren was born on 19 March 1868.
Gretchen Osgood Warren died in September 1961.
Gretchen Osgood Warren was the wife of Fiske Warren.
Gretchen Osgood Warren was an actress.
Gretchen Osgood Warren was a singer.
Gretchen Osgood Warren was a poet.
Dr. Hamilton Osgood was the father of Gretchen Osgood Warren.
Margaret Cushing Osgood was the mother of Gretchen Osgood Warren.
Dr. Hamilton Osgood and Margaret Cushing Osgood lived in Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts.
Mary Alden Childers was the younger sister of Gretchen Osgood Warren.
Mary Alden Childers was the wife of writer and Irish nationalist Robert Erskine Childers.
Erskine Hamilton Childers was the nephew of Gretchen Osgood Warren.
Erskine Hamilton Childers served as the fourth President of Ireland from 1973 to 1974.
The R509 road is a regional road in Ireland.
The R509 road follows part of the Childers Road.
The Childers Road is named after Erskine Childers.
The R509 road runs through the southeastern side of Limerick City.
The R509 road forms what is somewhat akin to an inner ring road.
The inner ring road is mostly two-lane only.
Erskine Barton Childers was an Irish writer.
Erskine Barton Childers was a BBC correspondent.
Erskine Barton Childers was a United Nations senior civil servant.
Erskine Barton Childers was born on 11 March 1929.
Erskine Barton Childers died on 25 August 1996.
Erskine Barton Childers was the eldest son of Erskine Hamilton Childers.
Erskine Hamilton Childers was Ireland's fourth President.
Erskine Barton Childers was the son of Ruth Ellen Dow Childers.
Mary Alden Childers was the grandmother of Erskine Barton Childers.
Robert Erskine Childers was the grandfather of Erskine Barton Childers.
Robert Barton was the double first cousin of Robert Erskine Childers.
Mary Alden Childers, Robert Erskine Childers, and Robert Barton were all Irish nationalists.
Mary Alden Childers, Robert Erskine Childers, and Robert Barton were involved heavily with the negotiation of Irish independence.
The negotiation of Irish independence ultimately led to the execution of Robert Erskine Childers during the Irish Civil War.
Gretchen Osgood Warren was the great aunt of Erskine Barton Childers.
Robert Caesar Childers was a British Orientalist scholar.
Robert Caesar Childers was born in 1838.
Robert Caesar Childers died on 25 July 1876.
Robert Caesar Childers was the compiler of the first Pāli-English dictionary.
Robert Caesar Childers was the husband of Anna Barton.
Anna Barton was from Ireland.
Robert Caesar Childers was the father of Robert Erskine Childers.
Robert Erskine Childers was an Irish nationalist.
Robert Caesar Childers was the grandfather of Erskine Hamilton Childers.
Erskine Hamilton Childers was the fourth President of Ireland.
Robert Erskine Childers was born on 25 June 1870.
Robert Erskine Childers died on 24 November 1922.
Robert Erskine Childers was universally known as Erskine Childers.
Erskine Childers was a British writer.
Erskine Childers wrote the influential novel 'The Riddle of the Sands'.
Erskine Childers was a Fenian revolutionary.
Erskine Childers smuggled guns to Ireland in his sailing yacht 'Asgard'.
Erskine Childers was executed by the authorities of the nascent Irish Free State during the Irish Civil War.
Robert Erskine Childers was the son of British Orientalist scholar Robert Caesar Childers.
Robert Erskine Childers was the cousin of Hugh Childers.
Robert Erskine Childers was the cousin of Robert Barton.
Robert Erskine Childers was the father of the fourth President of Ireland, Erskine Hamilton Childers.
Asgard is a 51 ft gaff rigged yacht.
Asgard was owned by Erskine Childers.
Erskine Childers was an English-born writer.
Erskine Childers was an Irish nationalist.
Asgard was owned by Molly Childers.
Asgard is most noted for its use in the Howth gun-running of 1914.
Robert Childers Barton was an Irish nationalist.
Robert Childers Barton was a politician.
Robert Childers Barton was a farmer.
Robert Childers Barton participated in the negotiations leading up to the signature of the Anglo-Irish Treaty.
Charles William Barton was the father of Robert Childers Barton.
Agnes Childers was the mother of Robert Childers Barton.
Rachel Warren was the wife of Robert Childers Barton.
Rachel Warren was from Boston.
Fiske Warren was the father of Rachel Warren.
Robert Erskine Childers was the double first cousin of Robert Childers Barton.
Robert Erskine Childers was a close friend of Robert Childers Barton.
The Riddle of the Sands is a 1979 English spy thriller cinema film.
The Riddle of the Sands is based upon the novel of the same name.
The novel of the same name was written by Erskine Childers.
The Riddle of the Sands is set in 1901.
Michael York is one of the stars of The Riddle of the Sands.
Simon MacCorkindale is one of the stars of The Riddle of the Sands.
The Riddle of the Sands concerns the efforts of two English yachtsmen.
The efforts of the two English yachtsmen aim to avert a plot by the II Reich.
The plot by the II Reich involves launching a military seaborne invasion of England.
The Irish Bulletin was the official gazette of the government of the Irish Republic.
The Irish Bulletin was produced by the Department of Propaganda during the Irish War of Independence.
The offices of the Irish Bulletin were originally located at No. 6 Harcourt Street, Dublin.
Desmond FitzGerald was the first editor of the Irish Bulletin.
Desmond FitzGerald was arrested and replaced by Robert Erskine Childers as the editor of the Irish Bulletin.
The Bulletin appeared in weekly editions from 11 November 1919 to 11 July 1921.
Mary Alden Osgood Childers was an American-born Irish writer.
Mary Alden Osgood Childers was an Irish nationalist.
Mary Alden Osgood Childers was born on 14 December 1875.
Mary Alden Osgood Childers died on 1 January 1964.
Mary Alden Osgood Childers was the daughter of Dr Hamilton Osgood.
Dr Hamilton Osgood was the father of Mary Alden Osgood Childers.
Mary Alden Osgood Childers was the daughter of Margaret Cushing Osgood.
Margaret Cushing Osgood was the mother of Mary Alden Osgood Childers.
Mary Alden Osgood Childers was from Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts.
Gretchen Osgood Warren was the older sister of Mary Alden Osgood Childers.
Mary Alden Osgood Childers married Robert Erskine Childers.
Robert Erskine Childers was a writer.
Robert Erskine Childers was an Irish nationalist.
Erskine Hamilton Childers was the son of Mary Alden Osgood Childers and Robert Erskine Childers.
Erskine Hamilton Childers became the fourth President of Ireland.
Catharina Felser was born on October 2, 1982.
Catharina Felser is a German race car driver.
Catharina Felser was born in Siegburg, North Rhine-Westphalia.
Catharina Felser started her career in karting in 1997.
Catharina Felser moved up to Austrian Formula Ford in 2000.
Catharina Felser's performances in Austrian Formula Ford resulted in one race in German Formula Ford in 2000.
In 2001, Catharina Felser competed in German Formula BMW.
Tony Ave was born on November 10, 1968.
Tony Ave is a championship race car driver.
Tony Ave was born in Hurley, Wisconsin, U.S.
Tony Ave competed in the Grand-Am Series from 2000 until 2002.
Tony Ave competed in Formula Atlantic from 1996 until 2001.
Tony Ave competed in the Trans-Am in 2002.
Tony Ave made three Indy Lights starts in 1993.
Tony Ave made one Indy Pro Series start in 2003.
In 2004, Tony Ave raced one race in the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series at Watkins Glen.
Tony Ave finished 31st in the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series race at Watkins Glen.
The Force India VJM04 is a Formula One racing car.
The Force India VJM04 was developed by Force India.
The Force India VJM04 was developed for the 2011 Formula One season.
The Force India VJM04 is the fourth car that Force India has made since entering the sport in 2008.
The car was driven by Adrian Sutil.
Adrian Sutil is a long-time Force India driver.
The car was also driven by Paul di Resta.
Paul di Resta was the 2010 Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters champion.
The car was launched online on 8 February 2011.
Michael James Lewis is an American race car driver.
Michael James Lewis was born on December 24, 1990.
Michael James Lewis was born in Laguna Beach, California.
Michael James Lewis's parents are Steve Lewis and Loretta Lewis.
Steve Lewis is the owner of the famed Nine Racing Midget Team.
Steve Lewis is a former owner of Performance Racing Industry.
Michael James Lewis has competed in a diverse number of racing vehicles.
The diverse number of racing vehicles includes Formula 3.
The diverse number of racing vehicles includes Formula BMW.
The diverse number of racing vehicles includes Ford Focus Midgets.
The diverse number of racing vehicles includes Touring Cars.
The diverse number of racing vehicles includes Late Model Stock Cars.
The diverse number of racing vehicles includes Quarter Midgets.
The diverse number of racing vehicles includes Go-Karts.
Michael James Lewis officially tested a Formula One car for Scuderia Ferrari F1.
Michael James Lewis tested the Formula One car on November 15, 2011.
Michael James Lewis tested the Formula One car in the F60 chassis.
Michael James Lewis's accomplishments in Formula 3 Italia led to the opportunity to test the Formula One car.
Michael James Lewis's passion for racing is paramount.
Michael James Lewis enjoys every aspect of his racing career.
Michael James Lewis is known for his professionalism.
Michael James Lewis is known for his work ethic.
Michael James Lewis lives every day for motorsport.
Andrea Bacci is a race car driver.
Andrea Bacci was born in Florence, Italy on 14 April 1972.
Andrea Bacci was the 2000 Italian Production Car Championship winner.
Andrea Bacci was the 1995 Italian CIVT Series champion.
Andrea Bacci was the 1999 Italian CIVT Series champion.
Andrea Bacci raced in the 1997 Renault Mégane Cup.
Andrea Bacci raced in one race of the 2001 European Touring Car Championship.
The 2009 Singapore Grand Prix was formally known as the 2009 Formula 1 SingTel Singapore Grand Prix.
The 2009 Singapore Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race.
The 2009 Singapore Grand Prix was held at the Marina Bay Street Circuit in Singapore.
The 2009 Singapore Grand Prix took place on 27 September 2009.
The 61-lap race was the fourteenth round of the 2009 Formula One season.
The 2009 Singapore Grand Prix was the second Singapore Grand Prix to be part of a Formula One Championship.
The 2009 Singapore Grand Prix was the tenth Singapore Grand Prix overall.
The 2009 Singapore Grand Prix was the second Formula One race to be held at night.
The race was won by Lewis Hamilton.
Lewis Hamilton was a McLaren-Mercedes driver.
Lewis Hamilton was the reigning World Champion.
Timo Glock finished second in the race.
Timo Glock was a driver for Toyota.
Fernando Alonso took third position in the race.
Fernando Alonso was the 2008 race winner.
This race was the only race of the season with neither a Brawn nor a Red Bull driver on the podium.
This was the last race of 2009 for Timo Glock.
Timo Glock was injured during qualifying for the Japanese Grand Prix.
Timo Glock was replaced by test driver Kamui Kobayashi.
Heikki Kovalainen scored his last ever World Championship points at the 2009 Singapore Grand Prix.
The 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix was formally known as the 2014 Formula 1 Gulf Air Bahrain Grand Prix.
The 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race.
The 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix was held on 6 April at the Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir, Bahrain.
The 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix was the third round of the 2014 Formula One season.
The 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix was the 900th Formula One World Championship event.
The 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix was the eleventh running of the race.
The 57-lap race was won by Lewis Hamilton.
Lewis Hamilton was a driver for Mercedes.
Lewis Hamilton started the race from second position.
Nico Rosberg was Lewis Hamilton's teammate.
Nico Rosberg finished the race in second place.
Sergio Pérez was a driver for Force India.
Sergio Pérez came in third place in the race.
The victory at the 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix was Lewis Hamilton's second victory of the season.
The victory at the 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix was Lewis Hamilton's first victory in Bahrain.
The victory at the 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix was the 24th victory of Lewis Hamilton's Formula One career.
The Force India VJM05 is a Formula One racing car.
The Force India VJM05 was designed by Sahara Force India F1 Team.
The Force India VJM05 was designed for use in the 2012 Formula One season.
The Force India VJM05 was launched on 3 February at Silverstone.
Paul di Resta drove the Force India VJM05.
Nico Hülkenberg drove the Force India VJM05.
Nico Hülkenberg returned to the sport after spending one year as Force India's test and reserve driver.
Eduardo Troconis is a Mexican race car driver.
Eduardo Troconis was born in Veracruz, Veracruz.
Eduardo Troconis is a two-time Mexican Formula Three International champion.
Eduardo Troconis is a Rookie of the Year Award winner in the Indy Lights de las Americas.
Eduardo Troconis is a Rookie of the Year Award winner in the Formula Vee Series.
Eduardo Troconis has competed in the NASCAR Toyota Series.
Eduardo Troconis has competed in the Desafío Corona Series.
Mike Shank was born on September 22, 1966.
Mike Shank is an American race car team owner.
Mike Shank is a former race car driver.
Mike Shank was born in Columbus, Ohio.
Mike Shank ran one race in the 1996–97 Indy Racing League season.
The race that Mike Shank ran was the 1997 Las Vegas 500K.
The 1997 Las Vegas 500K took place at Las Vegas Motor Speedway.
Mike Shank started racing in 1989.
Mike Shank won the SCCA Ohio Valley Region's Novice Driver of the Year award.
Mike Shank won the 1996 Player’s/Toyota Atlantic C2 championship.
Little Black Rain Cloud is a song from the 1966 musical film featurette Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree.
An instrumental version of Little Black Rain Cloud is played in the next featurette Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
Little Black Rain Cloud was subsequently incorporated into the 1977 musical film The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is an amalgamation of the three previous Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including Honey Tree.
In the song Little Black Rain Cloud, Winnie the Pooh comments about the on-screen actions.
Winnie the Pooh is pretending to be a Little Black Rain Cloud, as the title implies.
It is Winnie the Pooh's hope that the Honey Bees will not notice him as he approaches their coveted honey.
"Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!" is a song from the 1968 musical film featurette titled "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day."
The song is sung by the cast as a release from the dramatic tension of the story.
The song is incorporated into the 1977 musical film titled "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh."
The 1977 musical film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" is used as the promotional tagline for the song.
The 1977 musical film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes.
One of the featurettes included in the 1977 musical film is "Blustery Day."
In the song, Winnie the Pooh is hailed as a hero for saving Piglet's life.
In the song, Piglet is hailed as a hero for giving Owl his grand home in the beech tree.
"Heffalumps and Woozles" is a song.
"Heffalumps and Woozles" is from the 1968 Walt Disney musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
The Sherman Brothers wrote the song "Heffalumps and Woozles".
The Mellomen performed the song "Heffalumps and Woozles".
The song "Heffalumps and Woozles" is also in the 1977 full-length feature film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is a 1968 animated featurette.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is based on the third, fifth, ninth, and tenth chapters from 'Winnie-the-Pooh'.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is based on the second, eighth, and ninth chapters from 'The House at Pooh Corner'.
A. A. Milne is the author of 'Winnie-the-Pooh' and 'The House at Pooh Corner'.
The featurette was produced by Walt Disney Productions.
The featurette was released by Buena Vista Distribution Company on December 20, 1968.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was released as a double feature with 'The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit'.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was the second of the studio's Winnie the Pooh shorts.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was later added as a segment to the 1977 film 'The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh'.
The music for Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was written by Richard M. Sherman.
The music for Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was written by Robert B. Sherman.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was notable for being the last animated short produced by Walt Disney.
Walt Disney died during the production of Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
Brianne Siddall was born on August 25, 1963 in Encino, California.
Brianne Siddall is also known under her stage names of Ian Hawk and Brianne Brozey.
Brianne Siddall is an American voice actress.
Brianne Siddall is known for voicing Tommy Himi and Calumon in over a hundred episodes of the popular anime 'Digimon'.
Brianne Siddall is known for voicing Tommy Himi and Calumon in the video games related to 'Digimon'.
Brianne Siddall is known for voicing Tsukasa and Elk in the anime '. hack//Sign'.
Brianne Siddall is known for voicing Tsukasa and Elk in the '. hack' games.
In the late 1990s, Brianne Siddall, under the stage name Ian Hawk, was hired to perform as the voice of Myōjin Yahiko.
Myōjin Yahiko was voiced by Brianne Siddall for the Sony dub of the 'Ruroni Kenshin' anime and OAV.
The 'Ruroni Kenshin' anime and OAV premiered in the United States under the title 'Samurai X'.
The initial attempt to market the 'Ruroni Kenshin' series proved unsuccessful.
The 'Ruroni Kenshin' series was later re-dubbed by Media Blasters.
Media Blasters chose to hire Bang Zoom! Entertainment to redub the 'Ruroni Kenshin' series.
Brianne Siddall also voiced characters for Pioneer.
Brianne Siddall also voiced characters for Bang Zoom! Entertainment.
Brianne Siddall voiced Kunikida in 'The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya'.
Brianne Siddall voiced Ruby and Rina in 'Saint Tail'.
In live-action voice-over, Brianne Siddall voiced Impus, the infant version of the character Prince Olympius, in 'Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue'.
Brianne Siddall voiced Circuit, the robotic owl, in 'Power Rangers Time Force'.
Brianne Siddall voiced Jim Hawking, the kid crew member, in 'Outlaw Star'.
'Outlaw Star' had a run on Cartoon Network's Toonami and Adult Swim programming blocks.
Brianne Siddall also voiced the main character Al Izuruha in the 'Mobile Suit Gundam' OAV.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins was born on August 16, 1969 in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins is also known as Kate Davis.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins is an American voice actress.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins is a singer.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins is a jazz pianist.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins has major voice roles in English-language adaptations of Japanese anime.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins is best known as the voice of Sakura Haruno in 'Naruto'.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins has voiced C.C. in 'Code Geass'.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins has voiced Saber in the original 'Fate/stay Night'.
In 2010, Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins voiced Miles 'Tails' Prower in the video game series 'Sonic the Hedgehog'.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins voices Kate in the 'Alpha and Omega' sequels.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins voices Stinky in the 'Alpha and Omega' sequels.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins voices Lilly in the 'Alpha and Omega' sequels.
In 2014, Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins became the voice of Ami Mizuno / Sailor Mercury in the Viz English dub of 'Sailor Moon'.
The song titled 'The Rain Rain Rain Came Down Down Down' is a narrative song.
The song is from the Walt Disney musical film featurette titled 'Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day'.
The song is also incorporated into the 1977 musical film titled 'The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh'.
The film 'The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh' is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes.
One of the featurettes included in 'The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh' is 'Blustery Day'.
The song was written by the Sherman Brothers.
The Sherman Brothers have written most of the music for the Winnie-the-Pooh franchise over the many years.
The song was sung by an unidentified off-screen chorus.
Occasional lines of the song were sung by Sterling Holloway.
Sterling Holloway is a veteran character actor.
Sterling Holloway provided the voice of Pooh.
A Rather Blustery Day is a whimsical song.
A Rather Blustery Day is from the Walt Disney musical film featurette, Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
Robert & Richard Sherman wrote A Rather Blustery Day.
Jim Cummings sang A Rather Blustery Day as the character Pooh.
The House That Jack Built is a 1967 animated short.
The House That Jack Built was produced by the National Film Board of Canada.
The House That Jack Built is based on the nursery rhyme 'This Is the House That Jack Built.'
Ron Tunis directed The House That Jack Built.
Wolf Koenig wrote and produced The House That Jack Built.
The House That Jack Built has a runtime of eight minutes.
The House That Jack Built was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
The House That Jack Built lost the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film to 'Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day' at the 41st Academy Awards.
Jack is desperate to escape his nine-to-five life.
Jack trades his car for a handful of beans, mirroring the fairy tale.
The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers is the theme song of Tigger.
Tigger is a fictional tiger from the children's book series Winnie-the-Pooh.
Tigger's birthday is believed to be in October 1928.
October 1928 is the year that The House at Pooh Corner was first published.
Disney often indicates Tigger's birth year as 1968 on Tigger-related merchandise.
1968 is the first year that Tigger appeared in a Disney production.
The first Disney production featuring Tigger is Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
Tigger first sang The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers in Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
The song is repeated in Disney's 1974 release Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too!
The song is also repeated in The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh ride.
The song is repeated again in the 1977 release The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers opens up the 2000 release of The Tigger Movie.
In 1974, Paul Winchell earned a Grammy for his rendition of The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers.
The Siri Remote is a remote control device.
The Siri Remote was released in tandem with the 4th Generation Apple TV.
The release of the Siri Remote occurred at an Apple Keynote Address.
Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple Inc.
The Apple Keynote Address took place on October 26, 2015.
Apple Inc. is the company that released the Siri Remote.
The Siri Remote is designed specifically to work with the always-on Siri capable Apple TV.
The Siri Remote is a successor of the original Apple Remote.
The Siri Remote is compatible with the Apple TV 4K.
The Apple Remote is a remote control device.
The Apple Remote was released in or after October 2005.
Apple Inc. is the manufacturer of the Apple Remote.
The Apple Remote is designed for use with a number of Apple Inc. products.
The products that use the Apple Remote have infrared capabilities.
The Apple Remote was originally designed to interact with the Front Row media program.
The Front Row media program is associated with the iSight iMac G5.
The Apple Remote is compatible with some later desktop Macintosh computers.
The Apple Remote is compatible with some later portable Macintosh computers.
The first three generations of Apple TV used the Apple Remote as their primary control mechanism.
The Apple Remote has been replaced with the Siri Remote in the fourth generation of Apple TV.
Prior to the Apple Remote, Apple Inc. produced several nameless IR remotes.
The nameless IR remotes were produced for products such as the Macintosh TV.
The nameless IR remotes were produced for TV tuner expansion boards.
The nameless IR remotes were produced for the PowerCD drive.
NetSupport Manager is a Windows-centric cross-platform remote control software.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management from a Windows device.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management from a Windows Mobile device.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management of Windows devices.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management of Mac devices.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management of Linux devices.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management of Solaris devices.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management of Mobile devices.
NetSupport Manager was first released for DOS only networks in 1989.
NetSupport Manager supports thumbnail display of unlimited remote systems since version 10.
NetSupport Manager allows navigation between remote systems in a manner similar to a KVM switch.
NetSupport Manager includes functionality for file transfers.
NetSupport Manager includes functionality for chat.
NetSupport Manager includes functionality for hardware/software inventory.
NetSupport Manager includes functionality for software updates.
Fewer features are supported for Linux clients.
Fewer features are supported for Mac clients.
In 2012, NetSupport introduced new software versions allowing Remote Control from iOS tablets.
In 2012, NetSupport introduced new software versions allowing Remote Control from Android tablets.
In 2012, NetSupport introduced new software versions allowing Remote Control from iOS smartphones.
In 2012, NetSupport introduced new software versions allowing Remote Control from Android smartphones.
In 2012, NetSupport introduced a new Mac OS Control.
Version 12 of NetSupport Manager was released in October 2013.
Version 12 extended platform support to include ChromeOS clients.
Mobile Remote Control from iOS was extended with additional capabilities.
Mobile Remote Control from Android was extended with additional capabilities.
All versions of NetSupport Manager require the pre-installation of the software on both the local computers prior to use.
All versions of NetSupport Manager require the pre-installation of the software on both the remote computers prior to use.
Local computers are referred to as Control computers.
Remote computers are referred to as Client computers.
In electronics, a remote control is a component of an electronic device.
A remote control is used to operate the electronic device wirelessly from a distance.
In consumer electronics, a remote control can be used to operate devices such as a television set.
In consumer electronics, a remote control can be used to operate devices such as a DVD player.
In consumer electronics, a remote control can be used to operate other home appliances.
A remote control is used to operate devices from a short distance.
A remote control is primarily a convenience feature for the user.
A remote control can allow operation of devices that are out of convenient reach for direct operation of controls.
In some cases, remote controls allow a person to operate a device that they otherwise would not be able to reach.
A garage door opener can be triggered from outside using a remote control.
A Digital Light Processing projector that is mounted on a high ceiling can be controlled by a person from the floor level using a remote control.
Front Row is a discontinued media center software application.
Front Row was designed for Apple's Macintosh computers.
Front Row was designed for Apple TV.
Front Row is used for navigating and viewing video, photos, podcasts, and music.
Front Row can access content from a computer.
Front Row can access content from an optical disc.
Front Row can access content from the Internet.
Front Row features a 10-foot user interface.
The 10-foot user interface of Front Row is similar to Windows Media Center.
The 10-foot user interface of Front Row is similar to Kodi.
Front Row relies on iTunes.
Front Row relies on iPhoto.
Front Row is controlled by an Apple Remote.
Front Row is controlled by the keyboard function keys.
The first version of Front Row was released in October 2005.
Front Row has had two major revisions since its first version.
Front Row was removed and discontinued in Mac OS X 10.7.
A universal remote is a remote control.
A universal remote can be programmed to operate various brands of one or more types of consumer electronics devices.
Low-end universal remotes can only control a set number of devices.
The set number of devices that low-end universal remotes can control is determined by their manufacturer.
Mid- and high-end universal remotes allow the user to program in new control codes to the remote.
Many remotes sold with various electronic devices include universal remote capabilities.
Universal remote capabilities allow the remote to control other devices beyond the device it came with.
A VCR remote may be programmed to operate various brands of televisions.
MacScan is an anti-malware utility for Apple's Mac OS X.
MacScan was developed by SecureMac.
MacScan is aimed at removing malware.
Malware includes spyware, Trojan horses, keystroke loggers, and tracking cookies.
MacScan was the first anti-spyware program released for Mac OS X.
MacScan scans for remote administration programs.
An example of a remote administration program is Apple Remote Desktop.
MacScan allows users to verify that remote administration programs are installed only with their authorization.
Apple Remote Desktop is a Macintosh application.
Apple Remote Desktop was produced by Apple Inc.
Apple Remote Desktop was first released on March 14, 2002.
Apple Remote Desktop replaced a similar product called 'Apple Network Assistant'.
Apple Remote Desktop is aimed at computer administrators responsible for large numbers of computers.
Apple Remote Desktop is aimed at teachers who need to assist individuals or perform group demonstrations.
Apple Remote Desktop allows users to remotely control other computers over a network.
Apple Remote Desktop allows users to monitor other computers over a network.
Apple Watch is a line of smartwatches developed by Apple Inc.
Apple Watch is designed by Apple Inc.
Apple Watch is marketed by Apple Inc.
Apple Watch incorporates fitness tracking capabilities.
Apple Watch incorporates health-oriented capabilities.
Apple Watch has integration with iOS.
Apple Watch has integration with other Apple products and services.
The original generation of the Apple Watch was available in four variants.
The four variants of the original generation of the Apple Watch are Apple Watch Sport, Apple Watch, Apple Watch Hermès, and Apple Watch Edition.
The variants of the original generation of the Apple Watch are distinguished by different combinations of cases.
The variants of the original generation of the Apple Watch are distinguished by first- or third-party interchangeable bands.
Apple Watch relies on a wirelessly connected iPhone to perform many of its default functions.
The default functions of the Apple Watch include calling.
The default functions of the Apple Watch include texting.
Apple Watch is compatible with the iPhone 5 or later models.
Apple Watch requires iOS 8.2 or later to function.
Apple Watch connects through the use of Wi-Fi.
Apple Watch connects through the use of Bluetooth.
Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple.
Tim Cook announced the Apple Watch in September 2014.
The Apple Watch was released on April 24, 2015.
The Apple Watch quickly became the best-selling wearable device.
The supply of Apple Watch was 4.2 million smartwatches in the second quarter of the 2015 fiscal year.
The second generation of Apple Watch was released in September 2016.
The second generation of Apple Watch includes two tiers: Apple Watch Series 2 and Apple Watch Series 1.
Apple Watch Series 1 includes the S1P chip.
Apple Watch Series 1 is otherwise identical to the original Apple Watch.
The Series 3 of Apple Watch was announced at a presentation at Apple Park on September 12, 2017.
The Series 3 of Apple Watch was released on September 22, 2017.
Trainmaster Command (TMCC) is Lionel's electronic control system for O scale 3-rail model trains and toy trains.
TMCC mainly ran from 1994 to 2006.
TMCC is conceptually similar to Digital Command Control (DCC).
Digital Command Control (DCC) is the industry's open standard used by HO scale and other 2-rail DC trains.
TMCC has one advantage over DCC.
TMCC-equipped locomotives can run simultaneously with non-TMCC locomotives.
TMCC-equipped locomotives can run simultaneously with Lionel Legacy engines.
TMCC-equipped locomotives can run simultaneously with LionChief and LionChief Plus equipped locomotives.
LionChief and LionChief Plus equipped locomotives require a dedicated remote controller.
MTH Corporation's DCS controller can be configured to control TMCC locomotives.
All four systems (TMCC, Legacy, LionChief/LionChief+, and DCS) can be operated on the same track simultaneously.
Each system simply requires a constant track voltage of 18 volts.
TMCC/Legacy broadcasts its signal to the antenna on the locomotives.
The locomotives listen for signals that first identify the particular locomotive by number.
The signals issued by TMCC/Legacy provide commands as to speed, direction, sounds, lighting, and other features.
DCS performs similar functions to TMCC/Legacy.
DCS transmits a carrier over the rails.
The carrier is picked up through the locomotive's electrical pickup contacts.
TMCC/Legacy and DCS remote controls relay operator commands to a device that transmits them to the train.
The device that transmits commands to the train is called Command Base or Track Interface Unit.
LionChief/LionChief+ also issue remote control commands.
The remote and locomotive for LionChief/LionChief+ are married.
Each LionChief/LionChief+ locomotive requires a separate remote control.
The LionChief/LionChief+ system requires no additional wiring.
The control for LionChief/LionChief+ is directly narrowcast to the locomotive.
The narrowcasting functions in the same way as a television remote control or garage door opener.
In 2017, Lionel released a universal remote for LionChief+.
The universal remote for LionChief+ can learn addresses for up to three locomotives at a time.
The universal remote simplifies the operation of multiple trains.
The discography of Badly Drawn Boy includes eight studio albums.
The eight studio albums include two soundtracks.
The discography of Badly Drawn Boy includes one compilation.
The discography of Badly Drawn Boy includes six extended plays.
The discography of Badly Drawn Boy includes twenty-one singles.
The first EP and several singles were released on Gough's own label 'Twisted Nerve'.
Damon Gough started the label 'Twisted Nerve' with like-minded Manchester musician Andy Votel.
Badly Drawn Boy rose in popularity in 1997.
Badly Drawn Boy joined Thom Yorke, Richard Ashcroft, and Mike D on the celebrity-filled UNKLE album 'Psyence Fiction'.
The single 'Once Around the Block' achieved mild UK chart success in 1999.
Due to the mild UK chart success of the single 'Once Around the Block', XL Recordings signed up Badly Drawn Boy.
XL Recordings signed up Badly Drawn Boy to release the debut album 'The Hour of Bewilderbeast' in 2000.
'The Hour of Bewilderbeast' won critical praise.
'The Hour of Bewilderbeast' won Britain's acclaimed Mercury Prize for Best Album.
'The Hour of Bewilderbeast' caught the attention of author Nick Hornby.
Nick Hornby asked Damon Gough to score the film being made for his book 'About a Boy'.
Soulfire came at a time when Tom Hingley was at an all-time low.
Tom Hingley was the ex-frontman of Inspiral Carpets.
Tom Hingley was contemplating his career.
Tom Hingley was contemplating the future.
Tom Hingley was having doubts that he was good enough to make a stab at a solo career.
Damon Gough is also known as Badly Drawn Boy.
Damon Gough persuaded Tom Hingley to follow his gut instinct.
Damon Gough encouraged Tom Hingley to go for what he believes in.
The release of the critically acclaimed solo acoustic album, Keep Britain Untidy, occurred in 2000.
The return to a full band rock album allowed a base to build on.
The return to a full band rock album showed off Tom Hingley's voice.
Tom Hingley's voice had been hidden amongst the Inspiral Carpets' trademark organ sound.
Something to Talk About is a song.
Something to Talk About was created by Badly Drawn Boy.
Badly Drawn Boy is a British musical artist.
Something to Talk About is from the album About a Boy.
Something to Talk About was released as a single on 30 July 2002.
Something to Talk About peaked at number 28 on the UK Singles Chart.
Under an Hour is the second full-length album from Menomena.
Menomena is a Portland-based experimental pop/rock group.
The album was originally composed and performed as accompaniment for a performance by Monster Squad.
Monster Squad is a Portland dance company.
The album consists of three instrumental tracks.
The album is considered to be an experimental soundtrack.
The experimental soundtrack is along the lines of Peter Gabriel's soundtrack for 'About a Boy'.
The experimental soundtrack is along the lines of Badly Drawn Boy's soundtrack for 'About a Boy'.
Craig Davies is an English singer/songwriter.
Craig Davies is from Manchester.
Craig Davies was active from 1988 to 1990.
Craig Davies released two albums on the Rough Trade music label.
Craig Davies was at one point the vocalist for the band Easterhouse.
Craig Davies left the band Easterhouse after signing a solo deal with Rough Trade.
Craig Davies has collaborated with Vini Reilly.
Craig Davies has collaborated with Ben Watt.
Craig Davies has collaborated with Badly Drawn Boy.
Silent Sigh is a single by Badly Drawn Boy.
Badly Drawn Boy is a British musical artist.
Silent Sigh is from the soundtrack to the film About a Boy.
Silent Sigh reached number 16 in the UK Singles Chart.
About a Boy is the second album by Badly Drawn Boy.
Badly Drawn Boy is an English singer-songwriter.
About a Boy was released in 2002.
About a Boy was released under Twisted Nerve Records.
About a Boy was released under XL Recordings.
About a Boy was released in America under ARTISTdirect Records.
ARTISTdirect Records was a short-lived record label.
About a Boy serves as the soundtrack to the film 'About a Boy'.
Gough was chosen to compose the entire soundtrack.
Gough was chosen to perform the entire soundtrack.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast is the debut studio album by Badly Drawn Boy.
Badly Drawn Boy is a British musician.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast was released on 26 June 2000.
Damon Gough performs as Badly Drawn Boy.
Damon Gough wrote, produced, and played several instruments on the album's eighteen tracks.
Several tracks on the album feature accompaniment by members of the British indie rock band Alfie.
Several tracks on the album feature accompaniment by members of the British indie rock band Doves.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast was released to great critical acclaim.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast won the 2000 Mercury Prize.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast has sold 455,000 copies in the United Kingdom as of September 2011.
About a Boy is a 2002 British-American-French comedy-drama film.
Jane Rosenthal was a producer of About a Boy.
Robert De Niro was a producer of About a Boy.
Brad Epstein was a producer of About a Boy.
Tim Bevan was a producer of About a Boy.
Eric Fellner was a producer of About a Boy.
Chris Weitz was a co-writer and director of About a Boy.
Paul Weitz was a co-writer and director of About a Boy.
Badly Drawn Boy composed the music for About a Boy.
Peter Hedges wrote the screenplay for About a Boy.
About a Boy is an adaptation of the 1998 novel of the same name.
Nick Hornby is the author of the 1998 novel About a Boy.
The film stars Hugh Grant.
The film stars Nicholas Hoult.
The film stars Toni Collette.
The film stars Rachel Weisz.
About a Boy at times uses double voice-over narration.
In double voice-over narration, the audience hears both Will's and Marcus's thoughts.
Tom Rothrock is an international record producer.
Tom Rothrock is a composer.
Tom Rothrock is a musician.
Tom Rothrock is the owner of Bong Load Records.
Tom Rothrock has worked with James Blunt.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Foo Fighters.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Moby.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Beck.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Badly Drawn Boy.
Tom Rothrock has worked with R. L. Burnside.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Athlete.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Sloan.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Gwen Stefani.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Motörhead.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Elbow.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Stevie Nicks.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Poison.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Elliott Smith.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Richard Thompson.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Yonder Mountain String Band.
Tom Rothrock has composed soundtracks for notable motion pictures.
Tom Rothrock has contributed to soundtracks for notable motion pictures.
Notable motion pictures include 'About A Boy'.
Notable motion pictures include 'Good Will Hunting'.
Notable motion pictures include 'Collateral'.
Notable motion pictures include 'The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie'.
Summer of '92 is a Danish film.
Kasper Barfoed directed Summer of '92.
Summer of '92 is based on the 1992 UEFA European Football Championship.
The 1992 UEFA European Football Championship is Denmark's greatest ever football triumph.
The Danish football team had qualified for the tournament only after Yugoslavia was disqualified.
Yugoslavia was disqualified as a result of the breakup and warfare in that country.
The film examines the often difficult relationship between the team's coach Richard Møller Nielsen and the Danish Football Association.
The film also examines the relationship between Richard Møller Nielsen and leading players.
The relationships examined in the film nonetheless led to triumph in 1992.
Edson Arantes do Nascimento was born on 23 October 1940.
Edson Arantes do Nascimento is known as Pelé.
Pelé is a retired Brazilian professional footballer.
Pelé played as a forward.
Pelé is widely regarded as the greatest football player of all time.
In 1999, Pelé was voted World Player of the Century by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics.
In 1999, Pelé was elected Athlete of the Century by the International Olympic Committee.
According to the International Federation of Football History & Statistics, Pelé is the most successful league goal-scorer in the world.
Pelé scored 1281 goals in 1363 games.
The 1363 games included unofficial friendlies and tour games.
During his playing days, Pelé was for a period the best-paid athlete in the world.
The IFFHS World's Best Club Coach is an association football award.
The IFFHS World's Best Club Coach is given annually.
The IFFHS World's Best Club Coach has been awarded since 1996.
The IFFHS World's Best Club Coach is awarded to the most outstanding club coach.
The most outstanding club coach is determined by votes from the International Federation of Football History & Statistics.
In 1996, the votes were cast by IFFHS's editorial staff.
In 1996, the votes were cast by experts from 89 countries.
The 89 countries spanned six different continents.
Since 1996, the votes are awarded by 81 experts.
The votes are awarded by selected editorial offices from all of the continents.
The IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper is a football award.
The IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper is given annually since 1987.
The IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper is awarded to the most outstanding goalkeeper of the year.
The most outstanding goalkeeper of the year is determined by votes.
The votes are cast by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics's editorial staff.
The votes are also cast by experts from different continents.
Manuel Neuer is the world's best goalkeeper from 2013 to 2016.
Isaak Hassler was born around 1530 in St. Joachimsthal.
Isaak Hassler died on 14 July 1591 in Nuremberg.
Isaak Hassler was a German Lutheran organist.
Isaak Hassler was a music teacher.
Isaak Hassler was mainly active in Nuremberg.
Isaak Hassler is notable as the father of Jakob Hassler.
Isaak Hassler is notable as the father of Hans Leo Hassler.
Isaak Hassler is notable as the father of Kasper Hassler.
Goštautai is the Lithuanian plural form of the noble family name.
Goštautas is the masculine form of the noble family name.
Goštautaitė is the feminine form of the noble family name.
The original form of the name is Polish, as noted by Kasper Niesiecki.
The original Polish name is Gastoldowie.
The name Gastoldowie was later transformed into Gasztołdowie.
Goštautai were a Lithuanian noble family.
Goštautai were one of the most influential magnate families during the 15th and early 16th centuries.
The only serious rivals of Goštautai were the Kęsgailos.
From the end of the 15th century, the Radziwiłł family clan was rising in power and influence.
The Latin original spelling of their name is Gastoldus.
Gastoldus is a variation of the term 'castaldius'.
The Goštautai family had been close to the Grand Dukes.
The function of the Goštautai family was to oversee the ducal demesne.
The Goštautai family gained most of their power during the reign of Casimir Jagiellon.
Andrius Goštautas might have been a voivode of Vilnius and Kreva.
Andrius Goštautas is the father of Jonas.
Andrius Goštautas appears to have been the precursor of the family growth.
The majority of the Goštautai family's possessions were in the western part of the Duchy.
The majority of the Goštautai family's possessions were in eastern ethnic Lithuania.
After the death of the last scion of the Goštautai family, Stanislovas Goštautas, the Polish King and Grand Duke of Lithuania Sigismund II Augustus inherited his possessions.
The inheritance of possessions by Sigismund II Augustus was a matter of right, per Grand Duchy of Lithuania law.
Kasper Hvidt was born on 6 February 1976 in Copenhagen.
Kasper Hvidt is a Danish retired handball goalkeeper.
Kasper Hvidt lastly played for KIF Kolding.
Kasper Hvidt previously played for the Danish national team.
Kasper Hvidt was selected as the best keeper for the 2008 European Men's Handball Championship.
Kasper Hvidt was voted as Goalkeeper of the Year on March 20, 2009.
Thierry Omeyer is a goalkeeper from France.
Thierry Omeyer was in second place for the Goalkeeper of the Year award.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel was born on 5 November 1986.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel is a Danish professional footballer.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel plays as a goalkeeper.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel plays for Leicester City.
Leicester City is a Premier League club.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel plays for the Denmark national team.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel is the son of Peter Schmeichel.
Peter Schmeichel was a former Manchester United goalkeeper.
Peter Schmeichel was a Danish international goalkeeper.
Kasper Gus Ntjalka Williams OAM was known as Gus Williams.
Gus Williams was born on 20 June 1937.
Gus Williams passed away on 13 September 2010.
Gus Williams was a country singer.
Gus Williams was from Hermannsburg in Central Australia.
Gus Williams was an Arrernte man.
Gus Williams was born in Alice Springs.
Gus Williams was the father of country star Warren H Williams.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE was born on 18 November 1963.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE is a Danish former professional footballer.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE played as a goalkeeper.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE was voted the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper in 1992.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE was voted the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper in 1993.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE is best remembered for his most successful years at English club Manchester United.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE captained Manchester United to the 1999 UEFA Champions League.
The 1999 UEFA Champions League victory completed the Treble for Manchester United.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE won UEFA Euro 1992 with Denmark.
Puss N' Boots/These Boots (Are Made for Walkin') is a song.
Puss N' Boots/These Boots (Are Made for Walkin') is by the Canadian synthpop band Kon Kan.
Puss N' Boots/These Boots (Are Made for Walkin') was released as the third single from the 1989 album Move to Move.
The song peaked at #61 in Canada.
The song peaked at #58 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100.
In October 1989, the song peaked at #11 in New Zealand.
These Boots Are Made for Walkin' is a hit song.
Lee Hazlewood wrote the song These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.
Nancy Sinatra recorded the song These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.
The song charted on January 22, 1966.
The song reached No. 1 in the United States Billboard Hot 100.
The song reached No. 1 in the UK Singles Chart.
Boots is an EP.
KMFDM is the artist of the EP Boots.
Boots features a cover of the Nancy Sinatra song 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.
Nancy Sinatra is the original artist of the song 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.
Boots was the first release by KMFDM after their three-year hiatus.
Kon Kan is a Canadian synthpop project.
Kon Kan was conceived and formed in 1988 by Barry Harris.
Barry Harris is located in Toronto, Ontario.
Kon Kan were awarded a 1990 Juno for the song 'I Beg Your Pardon'.
Kon Kan were nominated for a 1991 Juno Award for the single 'Puss N' Boots/These Boots Are Made for Walkin''.
Murong Yong died in 394.
Murong Yong had the courtesy name Shuming.
Murong Yong was the last emperor of the Xianbei state Western Yan.
Murong Yong was the grandson of Murong Yun.
Murong Yun was a historical figure.
Murong Yong was the uncle of Former Yan's founder Murong Huang.
Murong Huang was the founder of Former Yan.
Murong Yong was a member of Former Yan's imperial clan.
Murong Yong was moved to Guanzhong.
Guanzhong was Former Qin's capital region.
Former Qin destroyed Former Yan in 370.
Murong Yong was described as poor.
Murong Yong and his wife made their living by selling boots.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra was born on June 8, 1940.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra is an American singer.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra is an actress.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra is the elder daughter of Frank Sinatra.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra is the elder daughter of Nancy Barbato Sinatra.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra is widely known for her 1966 signature hit 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin''.
Boots is a 1966 debut studio album.
Boots is by Nancy Sinatra.
The album was produced by Lee Hazlewood.
Billy Strange was the arranger and conductor of the album.
The album is titled after the song 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.
'These Boots Are Made for Walkin' became a #1 hit for Nancy Sinatra.
Most of the other songs on the album are covers of then-recent hits.
James A. Shoulders was an American professional rodeo cowboy.
James A. Shoulders was a rancher.
James A. Shoulders was born on May 13, 1928.
James A. Shoulders died on June 20, 2007.
James A. Shoulders is commemorated at the ProRodeo Hall of Fame.
At the time of his death, James A. Shoulders was the most successful contestant in the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association.
James A. Shoulders was known as the 'Babe Ruth of rodeo'.
James A. Shoulders was a spokesperson for a number of commercial products.
The commercial products that James A. Shoulders was a spokesperson for include Miller Lite.
The commercial products that James A. Shoulders was a spokesperson for include Justin Boots.
The commercial products that James A. Shoulders was a spokesperson for include Wrangler Jeans.
James A. Shoulders was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
James A. Shoulders died in Henryetta, Oklahoma.
James A. Shoulders was of English descent.
Abdul Wali was an Afghan man.
Abdul Wali died in US custody on June 21, 2003.
Abdul Wali was 28 years old at the time of his death.
At the time of Abdul Wali's death, he had been held for three days at the US base 10 miles south of Asadabad.
The US base was located in Kunar Province, Afghanistan.
Abdul Wali was held on suspicion of involvement in a rocket attack on the same base.
The cause of Abdul Wali's death was initially reported to be a heart attack.
The report of a heart attack as the cause of death came into question.
Three members of the U.S. 82nd Airborne Division came forward to testify about the circumstances of Abdul Wali's death.
David Passaro was a CIA contractor.
David Passaro allegedly assaulted Abdul Wali.
David Passaro was a former U.S. Army Ranger.
David Passaro allegedly beat Abdul Wali for two consecutive nights.
The beatings caused grievous injuries to Abdul Wali, including a fractured pelvis.
Prosecutors charged that David Passaro ordered soldiers not to allow Abdul Wali to sleep.
Prosecutors charged that David Passaro limited Abdul Wali's access to food and water.
Prosecutors charged that David Passaro subjected Abdul Wali to two consecutive nights of interrogation and beatings.
Among other injuries, Abdul Wali suffered a suspected fractured pelvis.
The suspected fractured pelvis would have made it impossible for Abdul Wali to urinate.
Witnesses testified that during one session, David Passaro kicked Abdul Wali in the groin while wearing combat boots.
The kick from David Passaro was hard enough to lift Abdul Wali off the ground.
Witnesses testified that David Passaro threw Abdul Wali to the ground.
Witnesses testified that David Passaro beat Abdul Wali on the arms and legs with a heavy Maglite flashlight.
Witnesses testified that David Passaro vigorously thrust a flashlight into Abdul Wali's abdomen.
After the second night of beatings, Abdul Wali begged the soldiers to kill him.
Abdul Wali moaned a phrase that meant, 'I'm dying.'
Abdul Wali died on his fourth day in custody.
Abdul Wali repeatedly denied any involvement in the rocket attacks.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology is a compilation album.
The Fixx released the Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology in 2006.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology was released in celebration of The Fixx's 25th anniversary.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology contains singles from The Fixx's previous albums.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology contains album tracks from The Fixx's previous albums.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology contains live tracks from The Fixx's previous albums.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology contains a cover version of Nancy Sinatra's song 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin''.
The cover version of 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin'' was originally recorded for the multi-artist album 'When Pigs Fly: Songs You Thought You'd Never Hear'.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology includes an eight-page booklet.
The eight-page booklet contains an essay by Josh Norek.
The 2010–11 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University in the Colonial Athletic Association conference during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The VCU Rams were led by second year head coach Shaka Smart.
The VCU Rams played their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The VCU Rams finished the season with a record of 28–12.
The VCU Rams had a record of 12–6 in CAA play.
The VCU Rams lost in the championship game of the 2011 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament to Old Dominion.
The VCU Rams received an at-large bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
The VCU Rams played in the new 'First Four' round of the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
The VCU Rams defeated Southern California in the 'First Four' round.
The VCU Rams defeated Georgetown in the second round of the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
The VCU Rams defeated Purdue in the third round of the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
The VCU Rams advanced to the 'Sweet Sixteen'.
The VCU Rams defeated Florida State to advance to the 'Elite Eight'.
The VCU Rams defeated Kansas in the 'Elite Eight'.
The VCU Rams advanced to the school's first ever 'Final Four'.
The VCU Rams were the third 11 seed in Tournament history to advance to the 'Final Four'.
The VCU Rams were defeated by Butler in the 'Final Four'.
The VCU Rams finished 6th in the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll at the end of the season.
The 6th place ranking was the highest ranking in VCU's history.
The 6th place ranking was the highest ranking of any team from the CAA.
The 2011 NCAA tournament run by the VCU Rams is regarded as one of the best Cinderella runs of all time.
The VCU Rams are the only men's Division I basketball team whose NCAA tournament journey ran from The First Four to the Final Four.
The VCU Rams are the only team in the tournament to win five games and not qualify for the national championship game.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2004–05 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2004–05 season was the 37th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
Jeff Capel III was the third-year head coach of the 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team continued to play their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team was a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished the season with a record of 19–13.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team had a record of 13–5 in CAA play.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished in a tie for second place in CAA play.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team defeated Delaware in the CAA Tournament.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team defeated UNC Wilmington in the CAA Tournament.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team lost to Old Dominion in the final of the CAA Tournament.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team received an at-large bid to the NIT.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team lost in the opening round of the NIT to Davidson.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2014–15 season was the 47th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
Shaka Smart was the sixth-year head coach of the 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team continued to play their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team was a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished the season with a record of 26–10.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team had a record of 12–6 in Atlantic 10 play.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished in a tie for fourth place in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team defeated Fordham, Richmond, Davidson, and Dayton.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team became champions of the Atlantic 10 Tournament.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team received an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team lost in the second round of the NCAA Tournament to Ohio State.
The 2009–10 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2009–10 college basketball season.
Shaka Smart was the head coach of the VCU Rams men's basketball team.
The 2009–10 season was Shaka Smart's first season at Virginia Commonwealth University.
The VCU Rams men's basketball team competes in the Colonial Athletic Association.
The VCU Rams men's basketball team played their home games at Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The VCU Rams men's basketball team finished the season with a record of 27–9.
The VCU Rams men's basketball team had a record of 11–7 in Colonial Athletic Association play.
The VCU Rams men's basketball team lost in the semifinals of the 2010 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament.
The VCU Rams men's basketball team were champions of the 2010 College Basketball Invitational.
The 1995–96 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 1995–96 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 1995–96 season was the 28th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
The 1995–96 season was the program's first season in the Colonial Athletic Association.
The men's basketball program previously played in the Metro Conference.
The Rams were coached by Sonny Smith.
Sonny Smith was the 7th year head coach.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2013–14 season was the 46th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
Shaka Smart was the fifth-year head coach of the 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team played their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The 2013–14 season was the second season for the VCU Rams playing in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished the season with a record of 26–9.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team had a record of 12–4 in Atlantic 10 play.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished in second place in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team advanced to the championship game of the Atlantic 10 Tournament.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team lost to Saint Joseph's in the championship game of the Atlantic 10 Tournament.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team lost in the second round of the NCAA Tournament to Stephen F. Austin.
The 2015–16 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2015–16 season was the 48th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
The men's basketball program was led by Will Wade.
Will Wade was leading the men's basketball program for his first season.
Will Wade previously coached Chattanooga.
Will Wade replaced former head coach Shaka Smart.
Shaka Smart resigned from Virginia Commonwealth University for the vacancy at Texas.
The 2011–12 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2011–12 season was the 44th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
Shaka Smart was the third-year head coach of the VCU Rams.
The VCU Rams were coming off a season marked by a run to the Final Four.
The VCU Rams were expected to finish lower in the CAA regular season standings.
The VCU Rams finished as regular season runners-up with a 15–3 conference record.
The VCU Rams won the 2012 CAA Men's Basketball Championship against Drexel with a score of 59–56.
The victory in the 2012 CAA Men's Basketball Championship earned the VCU Rams their 11th ever berth into the NCAA Tournament.
The 2011–12 season was the first season since 1984–85 that the VCU Rams consecutively qualified for the NCAA Tournament.
The 2016–17 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The VCU Rams were led by Will Wade.
Will Wade was the second-year head coach of the VCU Rams.
The VCU Rams played their home games at Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The VCU Rams were members of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The VCU Rams finished the season with a record of 26–9.
The VCU Rams finished with a record of 14–4 in A-10 play.
The VCU Rams finished in second place in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
In the A-10 Tournament, the VCU Rams beat George Mason.
In the A-10 Tournament, the VCU Rams beat Richmond.
In the A-10 Tournament, the VCU Rams lost to Rhode Island in the championship game.
The VCU Rams received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament.
The VCU Rams were the No. 10 seed in the West region of the NCAA Tournament.
The VCU Rams lost in the First round of the NCAA Tournament to Saint Mary's.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2012–13 season was the 45th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
Shaka Smart was the fourth-year head coach of the 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team played their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The 2012–13 season was the inaugural season of the VCU Rams in the Atlantic 10 Conference (A10).
The VCU Rams spent the past 17 years in the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) before joining the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The VCU Rams finished the 2012–13 season with a record of 27–9.
The VCU Rams had a record of 12–4 in A10 play during the 2012–13 season.
The VCU Rams finished in second place in the Atlantic 10 Conference during the 2012–13 season.
The VCU Rams advanced to the championship game of the 2013 Atlantic 10 Tournament.
The VCU Rams lost to Saint Louis in the championship game of the 2013 Atlantic 10 Tournament.
The VCU Rams received an at-large bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament.
The 2013 NCAA Tournament was the third straight NCAA Tournament appearance for the VCU Rams.
The VCU Rams defeated Akron in the first round of the 2013 NCAA Tournament.
The VCU Rams lost in the third round of the 2013 NCAA Tournament to Michigan.
The genus Huernia consists of stem succulents from Eastern and Southern Africa.
The genus Huernia is part of the family Apocynaceae.
The genus Huernia is part of the subfamily Asclepiadoideae.
The genus Huernia was first described as a genus in 1810.
The flowers of the genus Huernia are five-lobed.
The flowers of the genus Huernia are usually somewhat more funnel- or bell-shaped than in the closely related genus Stapelia.
The flowers of the genus Huernia are often striped vividly in contrasting colours or tones.
Some flowers of the genus Huernia are glossy.
Other flowers of the genus Huernia are matt and wrinkled depending on the species concerned.
The flowers of the genus Huernia attract flies to pollinate.
The flowers of the genus Huernia emit a scent similar to that of carrion to attract flies.
The genus Huernia is considered close to the genus Stapelia.
The genus Huernia is considered close to the genus Hoodia.
The name Huernia is in honour of Justin Heurnius.
Justin Heurnius was a Dutch missionary.
Justin Heurnius is reputed to have been the first collector of South African Cape plants.
The name of Justin Heurnius was actually mis-spelt by the collector.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation was an American shipbuilding company.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation operated from 1899 to 1968.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation completed more than 500 vessels for the U.S. Navy.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation completed more than 500 vessels for the United States Merchant Marine.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation completed more than 500 vessels for the United States Coast Guard.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation completed more than 500 vessels for other maritime concerns.
At its peak during World War II, the New York Shipbuilding Corporation was the largest shipyard in the world.
At its peak during World War II, the New York Shipbuilding Corporation was the most productive shipyard in the world.
The best-known vessels of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation include a destroyer.
The best-known vessels of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation include a cruiser.
The best-known vessels of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation include an aircraft carrier.
The best-known vessels of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation include the nuclear-powered cargo ship NS 'Savannah'.
The best-known vessels of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation include a quartet of cargo-passenger liners nicknamed the 'Four Aces'.
The Kaiser Shipyards were seven major shipbuilding yards located on the United States west coast during World War II.
Kaiser ranked 20th among U.S. corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.
The shipyards were owned by the Kaiser Shipbuilding Company.
The Kaiser Shipbuilding Company was a creation of Henry J. Kaiser.
Henry J. Kaiser was an American industrialist.
Henry J. Kaiser was born in 1882 and died in 1967.
Henry J. Kaiser established the shipbuilding company around 1939.
Henry J. Kaiser established the shipbuilding company in order to help meet the construction goals set by the United States Maritime Commission for merchant shipping.
The Eagle Mountain Railroad was a private railroad in California.
The Eagle Mountain Railroad was owned by the Kaiser Steel Corporation.
The Eagle Mountain Railroad is owned today by Kaiser Steel's successor.
Kaiser Steel's successor is Kaiser Ventures, Inc.
Kaiser Ventures, Inc. is located in Ontario, California.
Nutri Ventures is a Portuguese TV series.
Nutri Ventures is also known as Nutri Ventures – The Quest for the 7 Kingdoms.
Nutri Ventures is produced by the Nutri Ventures Corporation.
Nutri Ventures is distributed through Hulu Kids.
Nutri Ventures has a Portuguese title: Nutri Ventures - Em Busca dos 7 Reinos.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. was an American industrialist.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. was born on July 29, 1908.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. died on December 7, 1981.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. was the Chairman of Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical Corporation.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. was the Chairman of Kaiser Cement Corporation.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. was the Chairman of Kaiser Steel Corporation.
Kaiser Ventures is a corporation.
Kaiser Ventures was formerly known as Kaiser Steel.
Kaiser Ventures is headquartered in Ontario, California.
Kaiser Ventures was founded by Henry J. Kaiser.
Kaiser Ventures was founded to provide steel plate for the Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry.
The Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry expanded during World War II.
The Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry shrank after World War II.
The Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry expanded again during the Korean War.
California Shipbuilding Corporation was located on Terminal Island, California.
California Shipbuilding Corporation was one of the shipyards that built hundreds of Liberty ships and Victory ships during World War II.
California Shipbuilding Corporation was a project of Henry Kaiser.
Kaiser Steel was noted for making the most of its costly steelmaking inputs.
Kaiser Steel captured much of the Pacific Coast steel market by the late 1950s.
U.S. Steel plant in Utah captured much of the Pacific Coast steel market by the late 1950s.
Kaiser Steel's assets included steelmaking plants in Napa, California.
Kaiser Steel acquired the steelmaking plant in Napa, California from Basalt Rock Company in 1955.
Kaiser Steel's assets included a steelmaking plant in Fontana, California.
The steelmaking plant in Fontana, California is now operated by California Steel Industries.
Kaiser Steel's assets included a former open-pit iron ore mine at Eagle Mountain, California.
Steel manufactured by Kaiser Steel was also used in Kaiser Motors.
John Roach & Sons was a major 19th-century American shipbuilding and manufacturing firm.
John Roach & Sons was founded in 1864 by John Roach.
John Roach was an Irish-American immigrant.
Between 1871 and 1885, John Roach & Sons was the largest shipbuilding firm in the United States.
John Roach & Sons built more iron ships than its next two major competitors combined.
John Roach & Sons was the largest contractor to the U.S. Navy during the period between 1871 and 1885.
At its peak, John Roach & Sons is said to have been the nation's largest employer behind the railroads.
Neafie, Levy & Co. was a Philadelphia shipbuilding and engineering firm.
Neafie, Levy & Co. existed from the middle of the 19th century to the beginning of the 20th century.
Neafie, Levy & Co. is commonly known as Neafie & Levy.
Neafie & Levy was described as America's first specialist marine engineers.
Neafie & Levy was probably the first company in the United States to combine the building of iron ships with the manufacture of steam engines to power them.
Neafie & Levy was the largest supplier of screw propellers to other North American shipbuilding firms in its early years.
At its peak in the early 1870s, Neafie & Levy was Philadelphia's busiest shipbuilder.
At its peak in the early 1870s, Neafie & Levy was Philadelphia's most heavily capitalized shipbuilder.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. was an American-Canadian financier.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. was a former owner of the Denver Broncos American football team.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. was born in Portland, Oregon on July 5, 1942.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. was the grandson of shipbuilding industrialist Henry J. Kaiser.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. earned a BA degree from Stanford University.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. earned an MBA degree from Harvard University.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. served as a White House Fellow.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. served as a Special Assistant to President Lyndon B. Johnson.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. served as a Special Assistant to President Richard M. Nixon.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. served as a Special Assistant to U.S. Secretary of the Interior Walter J. Hickel.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. became a Canadian citizen in 1980.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. died on January 11, 2012.
Henry John Kaiser was an American industrialist.
Henry John Kaiser was born on May 9, 1882.
Henry John Kaiser died on August 24, 1967.
Henry John Kaiser became known as the father of modern American shipbuilding.
Henry John Kaiser established the Kaiser Shipyards.
The Kaiser Shipyards built Liberty ships during World War II.
After World War II, Henry John Kaiser formed Kaiser Aluminum.
After World War II, Henry John Kaiser formed Kaiser Steel.
Henry John Kaiser organized Kaiser Permanente health care for his workers.
Henry John Kaiser organized Kaiser Permanente health care for the families of his workers.
Henry John Kaiser led Kaiser-Frazer.
Kaiser-Frazer was an automobile company known for the safety of its designs.
Henry John Kaiser led Kaiser Motors.
Kaiser Motors was an automobile company known for the safety of its designs.
Henry John Kaiser was involved in large construction projects such as civic centers and dams.
Henry John Kaiser invested in real estate.
Henry John Kaiser established the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Kaiser Family Foundation is a nonprofit, non-partisan, charitable organization.
Tunnels & Trolls is a fantasy role-playing game.
Tunnels & Trolls is abbreviated as 'T&T'.
Ken St. Andre designed Tunnels & Trolls.
Tunnels & Trolls was first published in 1975.
Flying Buffalo published Tunnels & Trolls.
Tunnels & Trolls is the second modern role-playing game published.
Ken St. Andre wrote Tunnels & Trolls.
Tunnels & Trolls was designed to be a more accessible alternative to Dungeons & Dragons.
Tunnels & Trolls is suitable for solitaire gameplay.
Tunnels & Trolls is suitable for group gameplay.
Tunnels & Trolls is suitable for play-by-mail gameplay.
Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes is a tabletop role-playing game.
Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes was designed and written by Michael A. Stackpole.
Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes was first published in April 1983.
Blade is a division of Flying Buffalo, Inc.
A second edition of Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes was later published by Sleuth Publications.
Flying Buffalo continues to distribute the game Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
The mechanics of Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes are based on those of Tunnels and Trolls.
Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes includes the addition of a skill system for characters.
A few adventure modules were also released for Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
The ruleset of the 1987 video game Wasteland is based on Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
Michael A. Stackpole worked on the 1987 video game Wasteland.
The upcoming 2013 sequel Wasteland 2 will use similar mechanics to Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
Wasteland 2 can be seen as based on Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
Crank Caverns is the common name of the remains of the Rainford Delph Quarry.
Rainford Delph Quarry is located near Crank in St. Helens, Merseyside.
Crank Caverns is a network of underground tunnels and caverns.
Crank Caverns includes an extensive woodland.
Information in the St. Helens local history archives states that sandstone quarrying began in Crank Caverns as early as 1730.
As the Rainford Delph Quarry expanded, the cost of purchasing land to open cast mine it increased.
It was decided to opt for a different method of mining.
Instead of quarrying out the stone, they would mine it out.
The miners followed a seam of stone until it ran out.
This method resulted in the network of caves, tunnels, and shafts seen today.
Rainford Delph was listed as a Colliery by 1854.
Charles Howarth was the owner of Rainford Delph by 1880.
Charles Howarth was known locally as Yorkshire Charlie.
Mining finally ceased at Rainford Delph.
The woods and caverns were used as a game reserve by the Earl of Derby until 1939.
In 1939, the woods and caverns became a storage facility for ammunition for the anti-aircraft position at Crank.
After World War II, the caverns ceased use as a game reserve.
Today, Crank Caverns are not officially open to the public.
Due to increasing instability, attempts have been made to close access to the caverns and tunnels.
Despite the attempts to close access, the site is still physically accessible from a nearby public footpath.
Crank Caverns is still a draw for generations of curious locals who wish to explore.
Many curious locals have heard numerous local myths and legends from an early age.
Jon St. Andre was born on December 8, 1939.
Jon St. Andre was born in Ishpeming, Michigan.
Jon St. Andre is an American former ski jumper.
Jon St. Andre competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics.
St. Andre Vidhan Sabha Constituency is one of the 40 Goa Legislative Assembly constituencies.
The state of Goa is located in southern India.
St. Andre Vidhan Sabha Constituency is one of the 20 constituencies falling under the North Goa Lok Sabha constituency.
Crusaders of Khazan is a computer adaptation of the tabletop role-playing game 'Tunnels and Trolls'.
'Tunnels and Trolls' is a tabletop role-playing game.
Crusaders of Khazan was developed by New World Computing.
Crusaders of Khazan was published by New World Computing in 1990.
Crusaders of Khazan was developed and published for the PC.
Crusaders of Khazan was developed and published for FM Towns.
Crusaders of Khazan was developed and published for PC-88.
Crusaders of Khazan was developed and published for PC-98.
The game Crusaders of Khazan is available from Flying Buffalo.
The game Crusaders of Khazan is available in Fiery Dragon's 'Tunnels and Trolls 30th Anniversary Edition'.
Jim St. Andre is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper.
Jim St. Andre played professionally in the American Professional Soccer League.
Jim St. Andre played professionally in the National Professional Soccer League.
Jim St. Andre played professionally in Major League Soccer.
Starfaring is a science fiction role-playing game.
Starfaring was created by Ken St. Andre.
Starfaring was published by Flying Buffalo.
Starfaring was published in August 1976.
St. Andre's Parish is a former parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland.
St. Andre's Parish is located in Biddeford, Maine.
St. Andre's Parish was founded in 1860.
St. Andre's Parish was founded to serve the city's large French-Canadian and French-American communities.
On July 1, 2008, St. Andre's Parish was merged into the newly formed Good Shepherd Parish.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Saint Joseph's Church in Biddeford.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Saint Mary's Church in Biddeford.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Most Holy Trinity Church in Saco.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Notre Dame Church in Saco.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Saint Margaret's Church in Old Orchard Beach.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Saint Luke's Church in Old Orchard Beach.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Saint Brendan's Church in Biddeford Pool.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of St. Philip's Church in Lyman.
Of those 8 churches, only Saint Joseph's Church, Most Holy Trinity Church, Saint Margaret's Church, and St. Philip's Church remain open.
St. Brendan's Church has always served as a summer chapel.
The parish complex includes four buildings: the church, rectory, convent, and school.
The parish complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.
At the time of listing, most of the parish complex stood vacant.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre was born on April 28, 1947 in Ogden, Utah.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre is an American fantasy author.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre is a game designer.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre is best known for his work with 'Tunnels & Trolls'.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre is best known for his work with 'Wasteland'.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre has been an active member of 'The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America' since 1989.
Greatest Hits is a compilation album.
Greatest Hits is by American recording artist Dan Fogelberg.
Greatest Hits included two previously unreleased tracks.
The two previously unreleased tracks are 'Missing You' and 'Make Love Stay'.
'Missing You' was released as a single.
'Make Love Stay' was released as a single.
'Missing You' peaked at chart position #23 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
'Make Love Stay' peaked at chart position #29 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Both of the new songs made the Top 10 on the adult contemporary chart.
'Missing You' rose to #6 on the adult contemporary chart.
'Make Love Stay' became Dan Fogelberg's third #1 on the adult contemporary chart.
Make Love Not War is the 2004 debut album by Cosmic Nomads.
Cosmic Nomads is an Australian alternative rock band.
Make Love Not War was recorded in Sydney, New South Wales.
Make Love Not War was recorded at Damien Gerard Studios.
Cosmic Nomads worked with Russell Pilling.
Russell Pilling is a renowned engineer.
Russell Pilling has 25 years of experience.
Russell Pilling has recorded The Vines.
Russell Pilling has recorded The Church.
Russell Pilling has recorded The Cruel Sea.
Russell Pilling has recorded Jon Stevens.
A single of the same name was released prior to the album release.
A music video of the same name was released prior to the album release.
The single and music video were distributed by MGM Sydney.
Russell Pilling said 'Make Love Not War' is a grower.
Russell Pilling said once you listen to 'Make Love Not War' a few times, you begin to appreciate what it means.
Make Love is a song performed by Keri Hilson.
Keri Hilson is an American recording artist and songwriter.
Make Love was written by Jamal 'Polow da Don' Jones.
Make Love was written by Ester Dean.
Make Love was written by Jason Perry.
Make Love was produced by Polow da Don.
Make Love was produced by Jason Perry.
Make Love is part of Keri Hilson's debut studio album, In a Perfect World... .
In a Perfect World... was released in 2009.
The song was sent for urban adult contemporary airplay on June 23, 2009.
Make Love is the fifth single from the album In a Perfect World... .
Musically, Make Love is a downtempo R&B ballad.
Make Love received mixed reviews from music critics.
Some music critics criticized the long length of Make Love.
Some music critics criticized Keri Hilson's vocals in Make Love.
Other music critics named Make Love one of the album's standouts.
I Just Want to Make Love to You is a 1954 blues song.
Willie Dixon wrote the song I Just Want to Make Love to You.
Muddy Waters first recorded the song I Just Want to Make Love to You.
The song I Just Want to Make Love to You was released as Just Make Love to Me.
Just Make Love to Me was released under the label Chess with the catalog number 1571.
The song I Just Want to Make Love to You reached number four on Billboard magazine's R&B Best Sellers chart.
Mind If We Make Love to You is an album by the American power pop group Wondermints.
The album Mind If We Make Love to You was released in 2002.
The album Mind If We Make Love to You was released on the record label Smile Records.
The album title Mind If We Make Love to You has an unusual characteristic of intentional lack of punctuation.
The album title Mind If We Make Love to You is a take-off of the album Mind If I Make Love to You.
The album Mind If I Make Love to You is a collection of 1950s cocktail instrumentals.
The album Mind If I Make Love to You is part of Darian Sahanaja's record collection.
Chuck Berry on Stage is an album.
Chuck Berry on Stage is an album by Chuck Berry.
Chuck Berry on Stage was released in 1963.
Chuck Berry on Stage was released by Chess Records.
Chuck Berry on Stage is promoted as a live album.
Chuck Berry on Stage is a collection of previously released studio recordings.
Five songs are exceptions in Chuck Berry on Stage.
The five songs are 'All Aboard', 'Trick or Treat', 'I Just Want To Make Love To You', 'Still Got The Blues', and a previously unreleased alternate take of 'Brown-Eyed Handsome Man'.
Chuck Berry on Stage has overdubbed audience sounds.
The overdubbed audience sounds simulate a live recording.
One track on the album is labelled 'Surfin' USA'.
'Surfin' USA' is 'Sweet Little Sixteen'.
'Sweet Little Sixteen' was originally released in 1958.
The melody of 'Sweet Little Sixteen' was used in The Beach Boys' 1963 hit 'Surfin' USA'.
Chuck Berry's cover of Willie Dixon's 'I Just Want To Make Love To You' was later re-recorded.
The re-recorded version of 'I Just Want To Make Love To You' was released on the very rare Chess LP CH60032.
The Chess LP CH60032 is titled 'Chuck Berry'.
The Chess LP CH60032 was released in 1975.
All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You is a song.
All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You is performed by the rock band Heart.
Robert John 'Mutt' Lange is a veteran songwriter and producer.
Robert John 'Mutt' Lange composed All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You.
All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You was released as the lead single from the band's tenth studio album, Brigade.
Brigade is the band's tenth studio album.
All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You was the band's first hit single of the 1990s.
All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You was first recorded as All I Want to Do Is Make Love to You by Dobie Gray in 1979.
All I Want to Do Is Make Love to You was recorded by Dobie Gray in 1979 with different lyrics.
Be the One is a power ballad.
Be the One is performed by the American rock band Poison.
The song was released as the second single from the album Crack a Smile...and More!.
The album Crack a Smile...and More! was released in 2000.
The single/sampler was released in February 2000.
The single/sampler featured five b-sides.
The first b-side included in the single/sampler is the first single from the album Shut Up, Make Love.
The single/sampler included four unplugged bonus tracks from the album.
The first unplugged bonus track is Every Rose Has Its Thorn.
The second unplugged bonus track is Talk Dirty to Me.
The third unplugged bonus track is Your Mama Don't Dance.
The fourth unplugged bonus track is Something to Believe In.
The Longer We Make Love is a song recorded by American singer Barry White.
Barry White recorded The Longer We Make Love for his 1999 album, Staying Power.
The Longer We Make Love was written by Barry White, Aaron Schroeder, and Marlon Saunders.
The Longer We Make Love was produced by Barry White and Jack Perry.
The Longer We Make Love was recorded in two versions.
One version of The Longer We Make Love is a duet with Lisa Stansfield.
Another version of The Longer We Make Love is a duet with Chaka Khan.
Both versions of The Longer We Make Love are in the key of G minor.
Both versions of The Longer We Make Love received positive reviews from music critics.
The CD single of The Longer We Make Love was released in selected European countries on July 19, 1999.
The Longer We Make Love was also issued as a promotional single in the United States.
The Longer We Make Love failed to make any impact on the charts.
"Shut Up, Make Love" is a song.
"Shut Up, Make Love" is performed by the American rock band Poison.
"Shut Up, Make Love" was released in 2000.
"Shut Up, Make Love" was the first single presented to radio stations from the 2000 album "Crack a Smile...and More!".
"Shut Up, Make Love" also appears on the second promo single "Be the One" as a B-side.
"Crack a Smile" is Poison's fifth studio album.
"Crack a Smile" was released on March 14, 2000.
"Crack a Smile" charted at #131 on The Billboard 200.
"Shut Up, Make Love" was the first Poison single with lead guitarist Blues Saraceno.
Skyscraper National Park is the third album by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden.
Skyscraper National Park was released on Hardwood Records in Canada.
Skyscraper National Park was released on Badman Recording Co. in the U.S.
Skyscraper National Park was released on Loose Music in the U.K.
Skyscraper National Park was released on Massive! in Japan.
There were two limited-edition pressings of Skyscraper National Park.
The first limited-edition pressing comprised only 100 copies.
The first limited-edition pressing was mainly for Hayden's friends and family.
The second limited-edition pressing comprised 1,500 copies.
The second limited-edition pressing was sold on Hayden's cross-Canada tour.
Atsushi Sakurai is a Japanese musician and singer-songwriter.
Atsushi Sakurai was born on March 7, 1966.
Atsushi Sakurai was born in Fujioka, Gunma.
Atsushi Sakurai has been the vocalist of the rock band Buck-Tick since 1985.
Atsushi Sakurai was previously the drummer of Buck-Tick from 1983.
Atsushi Sakurai released the solo album 'Ai no Wakusei' in 2004.
Atsushi Sakurai was a member of Schwein.
Hisashi Imai is a member of Buck-Tick.
Sascha Konietzko is a member of KMFDM.
Raymond Watts is a member of Schwein.
In 2015, Atsushi Sakurai formed a solo project called The Mortal.
Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School is located in the northern area of Burlington, Ontario, Canada.
Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School is located at 3040 Tim Dobbie Drive.
Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School is an English and French immersion school.
Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School is part of the Halton District School Board.
As of 2015, Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School serves approximately 1400 grade 9-12 students.
In its first year, Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School served approximately 600 students in grades 9–10.
Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School is named for Frank Hayden.
Frank Hayden was a pioneer of the Special Olympics.
The Closer I Get is the second album by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden.
The Closer I Get is Hayden's first international release.
In Canada, The Closer I Get was released on Hardwood Records/Universal.
In the United States, The Closer I Get was released on Outpost Recordings/Geffen/Universal.
Mild and Hazy is a 7" vinyl single.
Mild and Hazy was created by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden.
Mild and Hazy was released in 1996.
Mild and Hazy was released on Hayden's own label, Hardwood Records.
Mild and Hazy was also released on Lunamoth.
The cover of Mild and Hazy is a photograph of Hayden as a toddler.
The song 'Gouge Away' is a cover of the Pixies.
The song 'Gouge Away' is from the Pixies' album 'Doolittle'.
Kyo is a Japanese musician.
Kyo is a poet.
Kyo is a singer-songwriter.
Kyo is best known as the vocalist of the metal band Dir en grey.
Kyo has been with the band Dir en grey since its inception in 1997.
Kyo was formerly in the band La:Sadie's.
Kyo was inspired to become a musician when Kyo saw a picture of Buck-Tick vocalist Atsushi Sakurai on the desk of a junior high school classmate.
Kyo's vocals span a tenor range.
Dewey Beard was also known as Wasú Máza.
Wasú Máza means 'Iron Hail'.
Wasú Máza was born in 1858.
Wasú Máza died in 1955.
Wasú Máza was a Minneconjou Lakota.
Wasú Máza fought in the Battle of Little Bighorn as a teenager.
After George Armstrong Custer's defeat, Wasú Máza followed Sitting Bull into exile in Canada.
Wasú Máza returned to South Dakota after exile in Canada.
Wasú Máza lived on the Cheyenne River Indian Reservation.
Chief Iron Hail is often mistaken by historians for Chief Iron Tail.
Chief Iron Hail and Chief Iron Tail were Lakota contemporaries.
Chief Iron Hail and Chief Iron Tail have similar-sounding names.
Most biographies incorrectly report that Chief Iron Tail fought in the Battle of the Little Bighorn.
Most biographies incorrectly report that Chief Iron Tail's family was killed in 1890 at Wounded Knee.
In truth, it was Chief Iron Hail who suffered the loss at Wounded Knee.
Masami Tsuchiya is a Japanese singer-songwriter.
Masami Tsuchiya is a musician.
Masami Tsuchiya came to prominence in the late 1970s.
Masami Tsuchiya was the lead vocalist in the group Ippu-Do.
Masami Tsuchiya was the guitarist in the group Ippu-Do.
Masami Tsuchiya's subsequent output includes solo work.
Masami Tsuchiya's subsequent output includes collaborations.
Masami Tsuchiya has worked with artists as diverse as English new wave rockers Japan.
Masami Tsuchiya has worked with Bill Nelson.
Masami Tsuchiya has worked with Japanese electronica composer Ryuichi Sakamoto.
Masami Tsuchiya has worked with Duran Duran side-project Arcadia.
Masami Tsuchiya has worked with Japanese rock band Buck-Tick.
Hailstorm Alley is a colloquial term.
Hailstorm Alley refers to an area of south and central Alberta, Canada.
Hailstorm Alley is an area where hail storms are frequently produced.
These hail storms frequently produce hail that is damaging to property.
Hailstorm Alley stretches from High River in southern Alberta.
Hailstorm Alley stretches northward through Calgary.
Hailstorm Alley stretches through Red Deer to Lacombe.
Hailstorm Alley stretches westward to Rocky Mountain House.
Hailstorm Alley is known to be one of the worst areas in the world for damaging hail produced by thunderstorms.
The boundaries of Hailstorm Alley are regarded as loose boundaries.
Damaging hailstorms occur over much of central and southern Alberta every summer.
The City of Calgary is regarded as the hailstorm capital of Canada.
The Alberta Hail Project was a research project.
The Alberta Hail Project was sponsored by the Alberta Research Council.
The Alberta Hail Project was sponsored by Environment Canada.
The purpose of the Alberta Hail Project was to study hailstorm physics and dynamics.
The purpose of the Alberta Hail Project was to design and test means for suppressing hail.
The Alberta Hail Project ran from 1956 until 1985.
The main instrument in the Alberta Hail Project was an S-band circularly polarized weather radar.
The S-band circularly polarized weather radar was located at the Red Deer Industrial Airport.
The Red Deer Industrial Airport is located in central Alberta, Canada.
The Levasseur PL.8 was a single engine biplane aircraft.
The Levasseur PL.8 had two seats.
The Levasseur PL.8 was a long-distance record-breaking aircraft.
The Levasseur PL.8 was modified from an existing Levasseur PL.4 carrier-based reconnaissance aircraft.
The Levasseur PL.4 carrier-based reconnaissance aircraft was produced in France in the 1920s.
Levasseur built the Levasseur PL.8 in 1927.
Levasseur built the Levasseur PL.8 specifically for pilots Charles Nungesser and François Coli.
Charles Nungesser and François Coli attempted a transatlantic flight to win the Orteig Prize.
Only two examples of the Levasseur PL.8 were built.
The first example of the Levasseur PL.8 was named 'L'Oiseau Blanc' (The White Bird).
'L'Oiseau Blanc' gained fame as Charles Nungesser and François Coli's aircraft.
William Earl Johns was an English pilot.
William Earl Johns was a writer of adventure stories.
William Earl Johns usually wrote under the pen name Captain W. E. Johns.
William Earl Johns is best remembered as the creator of the ace pilot and adventurer Biggles.
François Coli was a French pilot and navigator.
François Coli was born on June 5, 1881.
François Coli presumably died on or after May 8, 1927.
François Coli is best known as the one-eyed flying partner of Charles Nungesser.
François Coli and Charles Nungesser attempted to fly the Atlantic Ocean.
François Coli and Charles Nungesser used the aircraft known as 'L'Oiseau Blanc' for their attempt.
Lieutenant Stanton Hall Wooster was born on April 1, 1895 in Connecticut.
Lieutenant Stanton Hall Wooster died on April 26, 1927.
Lieutenant Commander Noel Guy Davis was born on December 25, 1891 in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Lieutenant Commander Noel Guy Davis died on April 26, 1927.
Lieutenant Stanton Hall Wooster and Lieutenant Commander Noel Guy Davis were two United States Navy airmen.
Lieutenant Stanton Hall Wooster and Lieutenant Commander Noel Guy Davis made an attempt to fly the Atlantic Ocean from New York to Paris in the spring of 1927.
Lieutenant Stanton Hall Wooster and Lieutenant Commander Noel Guy Davis were trying to win the $25,000 Orteig Prize.
The Orteig Prize was offered by New York hotelier Raymond Orteig for the first nonstop flight between New York and Paris.
Competitors for the Orteig Prize included French World War One ace Rene Fonck and his crew of three.
Competitors for the Orteig Prize included USN Commander Richard Evelyn Byrd.
Competitors for the Orteig Prize included Clarence Chamberlain.
Competitors for the Orteig Prize included a young airmail pilot named Charles Lindbergh.
On the Paris side of the Atlantic, competitors included another World War One French ace, Charles Nungesser.
Charles Nungesser had a navigator named Francois Coli.
Gervais Raoul Victor Lufbery was born on March 14, 1885.
Gervais Raoul Victor Lufbery died on May 19, 1918.
Gervais Raoul Victor Lufbery was a French and American fighter pilot.
Gervais Raoul Victor Lufbery was a flying ace in World War I.
Gervais Raoul Victor Lufbery served in the French Air Force during World War I.
Gervais Raoul Victor Lufbery later served in the United States Army Air Service during World War I.
Gervais Raoul Victor Lufbery is sometimes listed alternately as a French ace.
Gervais Raoul Victor Lufbery is sometimes listed alternately as an American ace.
All but one of Gervais Raoul Victor Lufbery's 17 combat victories came while flying in French units.
L'Oiseau Blanc is commonly known in the English-speaking world as The White Bird.
L'Oiseau Blanc was a French Levasseur PL.8 biplane.
L'Oiseau Blanc disappeared in 1927.
L'Oiseau Blanc disappeared during an attempt to make the first non-stop transatlantic flight between Paris and New York City.
L'Oiseau Blanc was attempting to compete for the Orteig Prize.
The aircraft was flown by Charles Nungesser.
Charles Nungesser was a French World War I aviation hero.
The aircraft was flown by François Coli.
François Coli was a French World War I aviation hero.
The aircraft took off from Paris on 8 May 1927.
The aircraft was last seen over Ireland.
Less than two weeks later, Charles Lindbergh successfully made the New York–Paris journey.
Charles Lindbergh claimed the Orteig Prize.
Charles Lindbergh flew the aircraft named the Spirit of St. Louis.
Charles Eugène Jules Marie Nungesser was a French ace pilot and adventurer.
Charles Eugène Jules Marie Nungesser was born on 15 March 1892.
Charles Eugène Jules Marie Nungesser presumably died on or after 8 May 1927.
Charles Eugène Jules Marie Nungesser is best remembered as a rival of Charles Lindbergh.
Charles Eugène Jules Marie Nungesser was a renowned ace in France.
Charles Eugène Jules Marie Nungesser ranked third highest in France with 43 air combat victories during World War I.
Sergent Paul Joannes Sauvage was a French World War I flying ace.
Sergent Paul Joannes Sauvage was credited with eight confirmed aerial victories.
Sergent Paul Joannes Sauvage was credited with six unconfirmed aerial victories.
Sergent Paul Joannes Sauvage was originally posted to fly a Nieuport for Escadrille 65.
Sergent Paul Joannes Sauvage scored his first victory with Escadrille 65 on 16 July 1916.
Sergent Paul Joannes Sauvage became the youngest French ace on 2 October.
Sergent Paul Joannes Sauvage held the distinction of being the youngest French ace until his death.
Sergent Paul Joannes Sauvage died by anti-aircraft fire on January 7, 1917.
Georges Félix Madon was born on July 28, 1892.
Georges Félix Madon died on November 11, 1924.
Georges Félix Madon was the fourth ranked French ace pilot of the First World War.
Georges Félix Madon had a lengthy career in aviation.
Georges Félix Madon had a wide variety of aviation experiences.
The aviation experiences of Georges Félix Madon were remarkable.
L'Oiseau bleu is a large oil painting.
L'Oiseau bleu was created in 1912–1913.
Jean Metzinger was the French artist and theorist who created L'Oiseau bleu.
Jean Metzinger lived from 1883 to 1956.
Guillaume Apollinaire and André Salmon considered Jean Metzinger as a founder of Cubism.
Georges Braque was a founder of Cubism.
Pablo Picasso was a founder of Cubism.
L'Oiseau bleu is one of Jean Metzinger's most recognizable and frequently referenced works.
L'Oiseau bleu was first exhibited in Paris at the Salon des Indépendants in the spring of 1913.
The exhibition number for L'Oiseau bleu at the Salon des Indépendants was 2087.
The first (and only) Cubist manifesto is titled 'Du «Cubisme»'.
Jean Metzinger and Albert Gleizes wrote the Cubist manifesto 'Du «Cubisme»' in 1912.
L'Oiseau bleu was subsequently exhibited in Berlin in 1913.
The title of L'Oiseau bleu in Berlin was 'Der blaue Vogel'.
The exhibition number for L'Oiseau bleu in Berlin was 287.
Guillaume Apollinaire described L'Oiseau bleu as a 'very brilliant painting'.
Guillaume Apollinaire described L'Oiseau bleu as 'his most important work to date'.
The City of Paris acquired L'Oiseau bleu in 1937.
L'Oiseau bleu forms part of the permanent collection at the Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris.
Shayne Workman was born on December 5, 1978.
Shayne Workman is an American author.
Shayne Workman is an actor.
Shayne Workman is a theatre director.
Shayne Workman is a stage manager.
Shayne Workman's first work, ':A Journey to the Spirit Realm', was published in late autumn 2014.
The work ':A Journey to the Spirit Realm' was later added to Shayne Workman's anthology, 'The Spirit Realm: An Anthology of Fables From The Spirit Realm'.
Shayne Workman has also penned 'The Diary Of A Vagabond King'.
'The Diary Of A Vagabond King' is an inspiring true account of Shayne Workman's personal experiences over the course of two years.
Shayne Workman faced impossible odds during the two years described in 'The Diary Of A Vagabond King'.
Shayne Workman experienced tragic losses during the two years described in 'The Diary Of A Vagabond King'.
The royalties from the sale of 'The Diary Of A Vagabond King' will be going towards the creation and operation of the Blue Purity Fund.
The Blue Purity Fund was created for aiding organizations with programs aimed at getting the nation's homeless off the streets.
The Blue Purity Fund aims to help the nation's homeless become full members of society.
Hackers is a 1995 American crime film.
Iain Softley directed Hackers.
Jonny Lee Miller starred in Hackers.
Angelina Jolie starred in Hackers.
Renoly Santiago starred in Hackers.
Matthew Lillard starred in Hackers.
Jesse Bradford starred in Hackers.
Lorraine Bracco starred in Hackers.
Fisher Stevens starred in Hackers.
The film follows a group of high school hackers.
The group of high school hackers is involved in a corporate extortion conspiracy.
Hackers was made in the 1990s.
The internet was unfamiliar to the general public in the 1990s.
Hackers reflects the ideals laid out in the Hacker Manifesto.
The Hacker Manifesto is quoted in the film.
The quote from the Hacker Manifesto states: 'This is our world now... the world of the electron and the switch [...] We exist without skin color, without nationality, without religious bias... and you call us criminals.'
The quote from the Hacker Manifesto continues: 'Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity.'
Hackers has achieved cult classic status.
Robin Goldstein is an American author.
Robin Goldstein is a food and wine critic.
Robin Goldstein is an economics pundit.
Robin Goldstein is known for his books and articles questioning conventional wisdom and pricing in the food and wine industries.
Robin Goldstein is known for a widely publicized exposé of Wine Spectator magazine.
Robin Goldstein is known for his writing on the Freakonomics blog.
Robin Goldstein is the author of several books.
One of Robin Goldstein's books is 'The Wine Trials'.
'The Wine Trials' is the world's bestselling guide to cheap wine.
Another one of Robin Goldstein's books is 'The Beer Trials'.
Robin Goldstein has an upcoming book tentatively entitled 'A Defense of Fast Food'.
Robin Goldstein was one of the subjects of 'Think Like a Freak'.
'Think Like a Freak' is a 2014 book by Freakonomics authors Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner.
Robin Goldstein lives in Oakland, California.
The Psycho Realm is an American hip hop group.
The Psycho Realm started in 1989.
The Psycho Realm was started by Sick Jacken and Big Duke.
Sick Jacken's full name is Joaquin Gonzalez.
Big Duke's full name is Gustavo Gonzalez.
Sick Jacken and Big Duke are brothers.
Sick Jacken and Big Duke are from the Downtown, Pico-Union area of Los Angeles.
The first recorded Psycho Realm song is 'Scandalous.'
'Scandalous' was released on the soundtrack of the film Mi Vida Loca in 1994.
In 1994, B-Real of the rap group Cypress Hill saw Psycho Realm performing at Olvera Street.
The performance was for an End Barrio Warfare concert.
B-Real was inspired by Psycho Realm's performance.
B-Real wanted to join the Psycho Realm group.
The time period of 1994 was the height of Cypress Hill’s career.
Anything related to Cypress Hill would get major publicity during this time period.
Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman was born on April 12, 1971.
Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman is an American criminal defense lawyer.
Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman is based in Ventura, California.
'The Atlantic' Magazine called Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman the 'Hacktivist’s Advocate'.
Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman is known for his work defending hacker-activists accused of computer crimes.
Hacker-activism is also referred to as 'Hacktivism'.
Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman defends people associated with Anonymous.
Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman keeps an encrypted chat app open at all times.
Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman dispenses ad hoc pro bono legal advice to members of Anonymous.
Buzzfeed called Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman 'The Maserati-Driving Deadhead Lawyer Who Stands Between Hackers And Prison'.
Buzzfeed stated that Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman is a medical marijuana and criminal defense lawyer from Southern California.
Jason Scott 'Jay' Leiderman has made himself into the country’s leading defender of hackers.
In The Realm of the Hackers is a 2003 Australian documentary.
Kevin Anderson directed In The Realm of the Hackers.
In The Realm of the Hackers is about the prominent hacker community.
The prominent hacker community was centered in Melbourne, Australia.
The prominent hacker community existed in the late 1980s until early 1990.
The storyline of In The Realm of the Hackers is centered on Australian teenagers.
The Australian teenagers went by the hacker names 'Electron' and 'Phoenix'.
Electron and Phoenix were members of an elite computer hacking group called 'The Realm'.
Electron and Phoenix hacked into some of the most secure computer networks in the world.
The secure computer networks included those of the US Naval Research Laboratory.
The secure computer networks included those of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory is a government lab charged with the security of the US nuclear stockpile.
The secure computer networks included those of NASA.
The film runs for 55 minutes.
In The Realm of the Hackers was inspired by the book 'Underground'.
Suelette Dreyfus is a Melbourne-based writer and academic.
Suelette Dreyfus wrote the book 'Underground'.
Freakonomics Radio is an American public radio program.
Freakonomics Radio discusses socioeconomic issues for a general audience.
Freakonomics Radio is a spin-off of the 2005 book 'Freakonomics'.
Stephen Dubner is a journalist.
Stephen Dubner hosts Freakonomics Radio.
Steven Levitt is an economist.
Steven Levitt is a regular guest on Freakonomics Radio.
Freakonomics Radio is distributed as a podcast.
Freakonomics Radio is among the most popular podcasts on iTunes.
Freakonomics Radio was created in September 2010.
Freakonomics Radio is a weekly podcast.
Twice a year, a series of one-hour 'Freakonomics Radio' specials air on public-radio stations around the country.
Peter W. Smith was an American investment banker.
Peter W. Smith was from Chicago.
Peter W. Smith had a 40-year career managing corporate acquisitions and venture investments.
Peter W. Smith was active in Republican politics.
In 1998, Peter W. Smith was identified as a major financial supporter of the 1993 Troopergate story.
The 1993 Troopergate story involved several Arkansas state troopers accusing U.S. President Bill Clinton of having carried out sexual dalliances while Bill Clinton was Governor of Arkansas.
In 2017, Peter W. Smith confirmed to the Wall Street Journal that he had tried in 2016 to contact computer hackers.
Peter W. Smith attempted to contact Russian hackers in 2016.
Peter W. Smith's attempt to contact hackers was in an attempt to obtain opposition research material to use against Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election.
Ten days after speaking to the Wall Street Journal, Peter W. Smith committed suicide in a hotel room.
Peter W. Smith cited ill health as the reason for his suicide.
Heidi Ewing is a director of documentary films.
Heidi Ewing is a producer of documentary films.
Heidi Ewing is a writer of documentary films.
Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady founded Loki Films in 2001.
Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady have collaborated on several documentaries together.
Heidi Ewing is best known as the co-director of 'Jesus Camp'.
'Jesus Camp' was nominated for an Academy Award for best documentary in 2006.
'12th & Delaware' is an HBO film.
'12th & Delaware' premiered at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival.
'12th & Delaware' casts a heart-rending light on the abortion divide according to the LA Times.
'12th & Delaware' was honored with a Peabody Award.
'Detropia' is a poetic look at Heidi Ewing's home town.
'Detropia' won several awards.
'Detropia' won Best Editing at Sundance 2012.
'Detropia' won Outstanding Direction at the 2013 Cinema Eye Honors for Nonfiction Filmmaking.
'Detropia' won Outstanding Original Score at the 2013 Cinema Eye Honors for Nonfiction Filmmaking.
'Detropia' won a News and Documentary Emmy for editing.
'Norman Lear: Just Another Version of You' was the opening night selection of the 2016 Sundance Film Festival.
'Norman Lear: Just Another Version of You' premiered on PBS American Masters on October 25, 2016.
Other films directed by Heidi Ewing include 'The Boys of Baraka'.
Other films directed by Heidi Ewing include 'Freakonomics'.
Other films directed by Heidi Ewing include 'The Education of Mohammed Hussein'.
Freakonomics: The Movie is a 2010 American documentary film.
Freakonomics: The Movie is based on the 2005 book 'Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.'
The 2005 book 'Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything' was written by economist Steven D. Levitt and writer Stephen J. Dubner.
The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2010.
The film had a theatrical release later in the year 2010.
The film received a lukewarm reception.
The film received a 65% fresh rating at Rottentomatoes.
The discography of Screaming Trees consists of seven studio albums.
The discography of Screaming Trees consists of three compilation albums.
The discography of Screaming Trees consists of five extended plays (EP).
The discography of Screaming Trees consists of six singles.
The discography of Screaming Trees does not include any solo material recorded by the individual members of Screaming Trees.
Screaming Trees is a rock band.
Screaming Trees is based in Ellensburg, Washington.
Truly is an American rock band.
Truly was formed in the wake of the grunge era.
Robert Roth is the singer-guitarist of Truly.
Hiro Yamamoto is the bassist of Truly.
Mark Pickerel is the drummer of Truly.
Hiro Yamamoto was a founding member of Soundgarden.
Mark Pickerel was a founding member of Screaming Trees.
Truly was not a commercially successful group like some of their Seattle contemporaries.
Truly lasted a decade.
Truly released two studio albums.
Screaming Trees was an American rock band.
Screaming Trees was formed in Ellensburg, Washington in 1985.
Mark Lanegan was the vocalist of Screaming Trees.
Gary Lee Conner was the guitarist of Screaming Trees.
Van Conner was the bass player of Screaming Trees.
Mark Pickerel was the drummer of Screaming Trees.
Barrett Martin replaced Mark Pickerel by the time Screaming Trees reached its most successful period.
Screaming Trees is widely associated with grunge.
The sound of Screaming Trees incorporated hard rock elements.
The sound of Screaming Trees incorporated psychedelic elements.
During the existence of Screaming Trees, the band released seven studio albums.
During the existence of Screaming Trees, the band released five EPs.
During the existence of Screaming Trees, the band released three compilations.
Change Has Come was the only recording that the Screaming Trees released through Sub Pop.
Change Has Come was released in 1990.
The Screaming Trees moved on to a major label after releasing Change Has Come.
The major label that the Screaming Trees moved to was Epic Records.
The Screaming Trees released three albums through Epic Records.
The three albums released by the Screaming Trees through Epic Records were 'Uncle Anesthesia', 'Sweet Oblivion,' and 'Dust'.
The Screaming Trees also released the 'Something About Today' EP through Epic Records.
Beat Happening/Screaming Trees is an EP.
Beat Happening/Screaming Trees is a one-off collaboration.
Beat Happening is a band from Olympia, Washington.
Screaming Trees is a band from Ellensburg, Washington.
Beat Happening/Screaming Trees was originally released on Homestead Records in 1988.
Beat Happening/Screaming Trees was later reissued as part of Beat Happening's box set 'Crashing Through' in 2002.
The journal of Kurt Cobain contains a draft of a letter sent to Mark Lanegan.
Kurt Cobain described 'Polly Pereguin' as his favorite pop song of the 1980s in the letter.
Jamboree is the second album by Beat Happening.
Jamboree was released in 1988 through K Records.
Jamboree was released in 1988 through Rough Trade Records.
All songs on Jamboree were produced by Steve Fisk.
Steve Fisk received assistance from Screaming Trees members Mark Lanegan and Gary Lee Conner.
Gary Lee Conner plays a brief guitar solo on the song 'Midnight a Go-Go.'
'Cat Walk' was produced by Patrick Maley.
'The This Many Boyfriends Club' was recorded live by Rich Jensen.
Jamboree marks a darker approach to the Twee pop for which Beat Happening is known.
The darker approach is due largely to a thicker production than is present on Beat Happening's earlier recordings.
Tracks written by Calvin Johnson dominate Jamboree.
Heather Lewis only provides vocals on two songs from Jamboree.
The two songs that Heather Lewis provides vocals on are the uncharacteristically brash 'In Between' and the more typically understated 'Ask Me.'
At the time of Jamboree's release, Calvin Johnson described Jamboree's sound as 'dark and sexy.'
The band retained their emphasis on exuberance over musicianship.
Bret Lunsford stated in an interview that, while recording album opener 'Bewitched,' his guitar string got stuck on a protruding screw.
Bret Lunsford continued to play through the song 'Bewitched,' hitting the string a bit harder until it became unstuck.
Mad Season was an American rock supergroup.
Mad Season was formed in Seattle, Washington in 1994.
Mad Season was formed by members of three popular Seattle-based bands.
The three popular Seattle-based bands are Alice in Chains, Pearl Jam, and Screaming Trees.
Mad Season released only one album.
The album released by Mad Season is titled 'Above'.
Mad Season is best known for the single 'River of Deceit'.
Mad Season went on a semi-permanent hiatus in 1996.
The semi-permanent hiatus of Mad Season was due to the band members' conflicting schedules.
The semi-permanent hiatus of Mad Season was also due to vocalist Layne Staley's problems with substance abuse.
Attempts were made in the late 1990s to revive Mad Season without Layne Staley.
The band dissolved following the death of bassist John Baker Saunders in 1999.
Layne Staley died three years later of a drug overdose.
Mark Pickerel is an American musician.
Mark Pickerel is best known as the original drummer for the Screaming Trees.
The Screaming Trees is a rock group from Ellensburg, Washington.
The Screaming Trees formed in 1985.
Other members of the Screaming Trees included Mark Lanegan.
Mark Lanegan is a versatile singer.
Other members of the Screaming Trees included the Conner brothers.
Mark Pickerel played on the Screaming Trees' extended play.
Mark Pickerel played on the Screaming Trees' first five albums.
Mark Pickerel left the Screaming Trees in 1992.
Barrett Martin replaced Mark Pickerel in the Screaming Trees.
Van Conner was born on March 17, 1967 in Apple Valley, California.
Van Conner is an American rock musician.
In 1984, Van Conner co-founded the band Screaming Trees.
Van Conner co-founded Screaming Trees with his brother Gary Lee Conner.
Van Conner co-founded Screaming Trees with close friends Mark Lanegan and Mark Pickerel.
On June 25, 2000, Screaming Trees announced their official breakup.
Van Conner started a low key band under the name Gardener.
The band Gardener released its only album in the 1990s.
The album released by Gardener was titled 'New Dawning Time'.
Van Conner has had brief appearances as a session musician with other known bands.
One of the known bands Van Conner worked with is Queens of the Stone Age.
Van Conner helped Mark Lanegan on his solo album titled 'I'll Take Care of You'.
Gary Lee Conner was born on August 22, 1962 in Fort Irwin, California, USA.
Gary Lee Conner was the lead guitarist for the rock act Screaming Trees.
Van Conner was Gary Lee Conner's brother.
Van Conner was the bassist for Screaming Trees.
Gary Lee Conner began his career with Screaming Trees in 1985.
Gary Lee Conner's career with Screaming Trees lasted until their disbanding in 2000.
During his time with Screaming Trees, Gary Lee Conner released two non-Tree albums.
The first non-Tree album released by Gary Lee Conner was The Purple Outside-Mystery Lane in 1990.
The Purple Outside-Mystery Lane was released by New Alliance Records.
Patrick Conner played drums on The Purple Outside-Mystery Lane.
The second non-Tree album released by Gary Lee Conner was the single Grasshopper's Daydream/Behind The Smile in 1999.
Grasshopper's Daydream/Behind The Smile was released by Sub Pop.
Josh Homme from Queens of the Stone Age featured on Grasshopper's Daydream/Behind The Smile.
Gary Lee Conner made appearances on other artists' material.
Gary Lee Conner appeared on Beat Happening's song 'Indian Summer'.
Gary Lee Conner appeared on Beat Happening's song 'Midnight a Go-Go' from the album 'Jamboree'.
Gary Lee Conner appeared on 'Against the 70s' by Mike Watt from the album 'Ball-Hog or Tugboat?'.
The album 'Ball-Hog or Tugboat?' was released in 1995 by Columbia Records.
After ten years of seclusion, Gary Lee Conner released a new album in 2010 from his band Microdot Gnome.
The album '4D Sugarcubes' was released on Moonbus International Recordings in April 2010.
The album '4D Sugarcubes' was available on CD and MP3.
Gary Lee Conner is planning future releases from Microdot Gnome.
In August 2016, Gary Lee Conner released a long-awaited solo album titled Ether Trippers.
Ether Trippers was released on Strange Earth Records.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky was a Russian lawyer.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky was a key political figure in the Russian Revolution of 1917.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky was born on 4 May 1881.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky died on 11 June 1970.
After the February Revolution of 1917, Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky joined the newly formed Russian Provisional Government.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky served first as Minister of Justice in the Russian Provisional Government.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky served as Minister of War in the Russian Provisional Government.
After July 1917, Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky served as the government's second Minister-Chairman.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky was a leader of the moderate-socialist Trudoviks faction of the Socialist Revolutionary Party.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky was vice-chairman of the powerful Petrograd Soviet.
On 7 November, Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky's government was overthrown by the Lenin-led Bolsheviks in the October Revolution.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky spent the remainder of his life in exile.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky lived in Paris during his exile.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky lived in New York City during his exile.
Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky worked for the Hoover Institution.
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov was a Soviet politician.
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov was a veteran of the Russian Civil War.
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov was born on 9 May 1888.
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov died on 28 October 1955.
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov was a member of the Central Committee elected by the 15th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks).
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov was a member of the Central Committee elected by the 16th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks).
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov was a member of the Central Committee elected by the 17th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks).
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov served as Chief Administrator from 1927 to 1935.
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov was the head of the Accounting Department from 1932 to 1934.
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov died in Moscow.
Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov was a military intelligence officer.
Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov was an explorer.
Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov was a general in the Imperial Russian Army during World War I.
Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov served during the ensuing Russian Civil War.
Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov was born on 18 August 1870.
Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov died on 13 April 1918.
Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov is today best remembered for the Kornilov Affair.
The Kornilov Affair was an unsuccessful endeavor in August/September 1917.
The Kornilov Affair purported to strengthen Alexander Kerensky's Provisional Government.
The Kornilov Affair led to Alexander Kerensky eventually having Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov arrested.
Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov was charged with attempting a coup d'état.
The Kornilov Affair ultimately undermined the rule of Alexander Kerensky.
The Kornilov Affair strengthened the claims and power of the soviets.
The Kornilov Affair strengthened the claims and power of the Bolshevik party.
The left-wing uprisings against the Bolsheviks were a series of rebellions and uprisings against the Bolsheviks.
The left-wing uprisings against the Bolsheviks were initiated by rival left-wing parties.
The left-wing uprisings against the Bolsheviks started soon after the October Revolution.
The left-wing uprisings against the Bolsheviks continued through the Russian Civil War.
The left-wing uprisings against the Bolsheviks lasted into the first few years of Soviet rule.
The uprisings were led or supported by left-wing groups.
Some factions of the Socialist Revolutionary Party were involved in the uprisings.
Left Socialist Revolutionaries were involved in the uprisings.
Mensheviks were involved in the uprisings.
Anarchists were involved in the uprisings.
The uprisings started in 1918.
The uprisings continued during and after the Civil War until around 1924.
The Bolsheviks increasingly abandoned attempts to invite left-wing groups to join the government.
The Bolsheviks suppressed left-wing groups with force.
The Socialist Revolutionary Party was a major political party in early 20th century Russia.
The Socialist Revolutionary Party is also known as the Party of Socialists-Revolutionaries.
The abbreviation for the Socialist Revolutionary Party is SRs.
In Russian, the Socialist Revolutionary Party is Партия социалистов-революционеров.
The term эсеры refers to members of the Socialist Revolutionary Party.
The Socialist Revolutionary Party was a key player in the Russian Revolution.
The general ideology of the Socialist Revolutionary Party was revolutionary socialism.
The revolutionary socialism of the Socialist Revolutionary Party included democratic socialist and agrarian socialist forms.
After the February Revolution of 1917, the Socialist Revolutionary Party shared power with other liberal and democratic socialist forces.
The other liberal and democratic socialist forces were part of the Russian Provisional Government.
In November 1917, the Socialist Revolutionary Party won a plurality of the national vote in Russia's first-ever democratic elections.
The democratic elections were for the Russian Constituent Assembly.
The October Revolution changed the political landscape in Russia.
The Bolsheviks disbanded the Constituent Assembly in January 1918.
The Socialist Revolutionary Party soon split into pro-Bolshevik and anti-Bolshevik factions.
The anti-Bolshevik faction of the Socialist Revolutionary Party was known as the Right SRs.
The Right SRs remained loyal to the Provisional Government leader Alexander Kerensky.
The Right SRs were defeated and destroyed by the Bolsheviks during the Russian Civil War.
The Right SRs faced subsequent persecution by the Bolsheviks.
The Kerensky–Krasnov uprising was an attempt by Alexander Kerensky to regain power.
The Bolsheviks overthrew Alexander Kerensky's Provisional Government in Petrograd.
Louise Bryant was an American feminist.
Louise Bryant was a political activist.
Louise Bryant was a journalist.
Louise Bryant was best known for her sympathetic coverage of Russia and the Bolsheviks during the Russian Revolution.
Louise Bryant married writer John Reed in 1916.
John Reed was Louise Bryant's second husband.
Louise Bryant wrote about Russian leaders such as Katherine Breshkovsky.
Louise Bryant wrote about Russian leaders such as Maria Spiridonova.
Louise Bryant wrote about Russian leaders such as Alexander Kerensky.
Louise Bryant wrote about Russian leaders such as Vladimir Lenin.
Louise Bryant wrote about Russian leaders such as Leon Trotsky.
Louise Bryant's news stories were distributed by Hearst during her trips to Petrograd and Moscow.
Louise Bryant's news stories appeared in newspapers across the United States and Canada in the years immediately following World War I.
A collection of articles from Louise Bryant's first trip was published in book form as 'Six Red Months in Russia' in 1918.
In 1919, Louise Bryant defended the revolution in testimony before the Overman Committee.
The Overman Committee was a Senate subcommittee established to investigate Bolshevik influence in the United States.
Later in 1919, Louise Bryant undertook a nationwide speaking tour.
Louise Bryant's speaking tour aimed to encourage public support of the Bolsheviks.
Louise Bryant's speaking tour aimed to denounce armed U.S. intervention in Russia.
Communism in Russia began after Tsar Nicholas II lost his power during the February Revolution.
The Provisional Government was established under Prince Lvov.
The Bolsheviks refused to accept the Provisional Government.
The Bolsheviks revolted in October 1917.
The Bolsheviks took control of Russia.
Vladimir Lenin was the leader of the Bolsheviks.
Vladimir Lenin rose to power and governed between 1917 and 1924.
The Bolsheviks formed the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
The formation of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic marked the beginning of the Russian Civil War.
The Russian Civil War was between the revolutionary Reds and the counter-revolutionary Whites.
In 1922, the Communist Reds were victorious.
The Communist Reds formed the Soviet Union.
Vladimir Lenin died in 1924.
The death of Vladimir Lenin started a power struggle.
The power struggle ended with Joseph Stalin seizing power.
Joseph Stalin was the leader of the Communist Party until 1953.
Joseph Stalin encouraged political paranoia.
Joseph Stalin conducted the Great Purge to remove opponents of his dominance.
The Russian Civil War was a multi-party war in the former Russian Empire.
The Russian Civil War occurred from November 1917 to October 1922.
The Russian Civil War took place immediately after the Russian Revolutions of 1917.
Many factions vied to determine Russia's political future during the Russian Civil War.
The two largest combatant groups in the Russian Civil War were the Red Army and the White Army.
The Red Army fought for the Bolshevik form of socialism.
Vladimir Lenin led the Red Army.
The White Army was a loosely allied group.
The White Army included diverse interests favoring monarchism, capitalism, and alternative forms of socialism.
The diverse interests within the White Army included both democratic and antidemocratic variants.
Rival militant socialists fought against both the Bolsheviks and the Whites.
Nonideological Green armies also fought against both the Bolsheviks and the Whites.
Eight foreign nations intervened against the Red Army.
The Allied Forces were one of the foreign nations that intervened against the Red Army.
Pro-German armies were another group that intervened against the Red Army.
The Red Army defeated the White Armed Forces of South Russia in Ukraine in 1919.
The Red Army defeated the army led by Admiral Aleksandr Kolchak in Siberia in 1919.
The remains of the White forces were commanded by Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel.
The White forces commanded by Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel were beaten in Crimea.
The White forces commanded by Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel were evacuated in late 1920.
Lesser battles of the Russian Civil War continued on the periphery for two more years.
Minor skirmishes with the remnants of the White forces in the Far East continued well into 1923.
The Russian Civil War ended in 1923 in the sense that Red control of the newly formed Soviet Union was assured.
Armed national resistance in Central Asia was not completely crushed until 1934.
There were an estimated 7,000,000–12,000,000 casualties during the Russian Civil War.
Most of the casualties during the Russian Civil War were civilians.
The Russian Civil War has been described by some as the greatest national catastrophe that Europe had yet seen.
The Battle of Romanovka was fought in June 1919.
The Battle of Romanovka occurred during the Russian Civil War.
Russian Bolsheviks launched a surprise attack on an American army camp at Romanovka.
Yakov Triapitsyn was a leader of the Russian Bolsheviks.
Romanovka is located in Siberia near Vladivostok.
As a result of the engagement, the attacks were repelled.
Romanovka and the Suchan Valley Campaign that followed were the final major engagements of the Russian Civil War involving the United States.
Battles would later break out again between the Americans and Bolsheviks.
Battles would later break out again between the Americans and Cossacks.
The later battles occurred on much smaller scales.
The Americans were invariably victorious in the later battles.
Chiara R. Nappi is an Italian physicist.
Chiara R. Nappi's research areas have included mathematical physics.
Chiara R. Nappi's research areas have included particle physics.
Chiara R. Nappi's research areas have included string theory.
Seven Brief Lessons on Physics is a short book.
Seven Brief Lessons on Physics was written by Carlo Rovelli.
Carlo Rovelli is an Italian physicist.
Seven Brief Lessons on Physics was originally published in Italian in 2014.
Seven Brief Lessons on Physics has been translated into 41 languages.
Seven Brief Lessons on Physics is an Italian bestseller.
More than 300,000 copies of Seven Brief Lessons on Physics have been sold in Carlo Rovelli's home country.
Aldo Pontremoli was an Italian physicist.
Aldo Pontremoli held a chair of theoretical physics at the University of Milan from 1926.
Aldo Pontremoli founded the Institute of Advanced Physics at the University of Milan in 1924.
Aldo Pontremoli directed the Institute of Advanced Physics at the University of Milan until his disappearance and presumed death in May 1928.
Aldo Pontremoli disappeared with the airborne envelope of the airship 'Italia' on 25 May 1928.
The airship 'Italia' crashed on the Arctic ice on 25 May 1928.
Aldo Pontremoli was one of the six men who disappeared with the airborne envelope of the airship 'Italia'.
Antonino Lo Surdo was an Italian physicist.
Antonino Lo Surdo was born on 4 February 1880 in Syracuse.
Antonino Lo Surdo died on 7 June 1949 in Rome.
Antonino Lo Surdo was appointed as professor of physics at the Istituto di Fisica in Rome in 1919.
Orso Mario Corbino died in 1937.
Upon the death of Orso Mario Corbino, Antonino Lo Surdo became the director of the Istituto di Fisica in Rome.
Antonino Lo Surdo studied terrestrial physics.
Antonino Lo Surdo studied seismology.
Antonino Lo Surdo studied geophysics.
The 1908 Messina earthquake caused the death of Antonino Lo Surdo's parents.
The 1908 Messina earthquake caused the death of other close relatives of Antonino Lo Surdo, except his brother.
Antonino Lo Surdo contributed to the foundation of the Istituto Nazionale di Geofisica.
The Istituto Nazionale di Geofisica was founded under the auspices of the Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche.
Guglielmo Marconi was the president of the Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche when the Istituto Nazionale di Geofisica was founded.
Guido Caldarelli was born in Rome on 8 April 1967.
Guido Caldarelli is an Italian physicist.
Guido Caldarelli specializes in statistical physics.
Guido Caldarelli is a full professor in Theoretical Physics at IMT School for Advanced Studies Lucca.
Guido Caldarelli is married.
Guido Caldarelli has two children.
Guido Caldarelli lives in Lucca.
The 12-volume Micropædia is one of the three parts of the 15th edition of 'Encyclopædia Britannica'.
The other two parts of the 15th edition of 'Encyclopædia Britannica' are the one-volume 'Propædia' and the 17-volume 'Macropædia'.
The name 'Micropædia' is a neologism.
Mortimer J. Adler coined the neologism 'Micropædia'.
The neologism 'Micropædia' is derived from the ancient Greek words for 'small' and 'instruction'.
The best English translation of 'Micropædia' is perhaps 'brief lessons'.
Claudio Pellegrini was born in Rome on May 9, 1935.
Claudio Pellegrini is an Italian physicist.
Claudio Pellegrini is known for his pioneering work on X-ray free electron lasers.
Claudio Pellegrini is known for his pioneering work on collective effects in relativistic particle beams.
Claudio Pellegrini was educated at the Sapienza University of Rome.
Claudio Pellegrini received the Laurea in Fisica 'summa cum laude' in 1958.
Claudio Pellegrini received the Libera Docenza in 1965.
Claudio Pellegrini worked at the Laboratori Nazionali di Frascati for high energy and nuclear physics from 1958 to 1978.
In the early 1960s, Claudio Pellegrini was at the Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics (NORDITA) in Copenhagen.
Claudio Pellegrini worked on an alternative formulation of the theory of general relativity using tetrad fields.
Claudio Pellegrini's work aimed to obtain a better description of the energy-momentum complex.
The theoretical context of Claudio Pellegrini's work is summarized in 'Teleparallelism'.
In 1978, Claudio Pellegrini moved to the United States.
Claudio Pellegrini began work at Brookhaven National Laboratory.
Claudio Pellegrini was an Associate Chairman of the National Synchrotron Light Source at Brookhaven National Laboratory.
Claudio Pellegrini was a co-director at the Center for Accelerator Physics at Brookhaven National Laboratory.
In 1989, Claudio Pellegrini accepted an appointment at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA).
Claudio Pellegrini became a professor of physics at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA).
Claudio Pellegrini later became a Distinguished Professor at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA).
Enrico Fermi was an Italian physicist.
Enrico Fermi was born on 29 September 1901.
Enrico Fermi died on 28 November 1954.
Enrico Fermi was the creator of the world's first nuclear reactor.
The world's first nuclear reactor is called the Chicago Pile-1.
Enrico Fermi has been called the 'architect of the nuclear age.'
Enrico Fermi has been called the 'architect of the atomic bomb.'
Enrico Fermi was one of the very few physicists in history to excel both theoretically and experimentally.
Enrico Fermi held several patents related to the use of nuclear power.
Enrico Fermi was awarded the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics.
Enrico Fermi was awarded the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on induced radioactivity by neutron bombardment.
Enrico Fermi was awarded the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery of transuranic elements.
Enrico Fermi made significant contributions to the development of quantum theory.
Enrico Fermi made significant contributions to nuclear and particle physics.
Enrico Fermi made significant contributions to statistical mechanics.
Sergio Ferrara was born on May 2, 1945.
Sergio Ferrara is an Italian physicist.
Sergio Ferrara works on theoretical physics of elementary particles.
Sergio Ferrara works on mathematical physics.
Sergio Ferrara is renowned for the discovery of theories introducing supersymmetry as a symmetry of elementary particles.
Sergio Ferrara discovered super-Yang–Mills theories together with Bruno Zumino.
Sergio Ferrara discovered supergravity together with Daniel Z. Freedman and Peter van Nieuwenhuizen.
Supergravity is the first significant extension of Einstein's general relativity.
Supergravity is based on the principle of 'local supersymmetry'.
Sergio Ferrara is an emeritus staff member at CERN.
Sergio Ferrara is a professor at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Luciano Pietronero was born in Rome on December 15, 1949.
Luciano Pietronero is an Italian physicist.
Luciano Pietronero specializes in statistical physics.
Luciano Pietronero is a full professor at the department of Physics at University of Rome 'Sapienza'.
The Tower Hill Memorial is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial.
The Tower Hill Memorial is located on the south side of Trinity Square Gardens.
Trinity Square Gardens is in London, England.
The Tower Hill Memorial commemorates those from the Merchant Navy who died during both world wars.
The Tower Hill Memorial commemorates those from fishing fleets who died during both world wars.
The individuals commemorated by the Tower Hill Memorial have no grave but the sea.
The Tower Hill Memorial was designed by Edwin Lutyens.
The sculpture work for the Tower Hill Memorial was done by William Reid Dick.
The Second World War extension of the Tower Hill Memorial was designed by Edward Maufe.
The sculpture work for the Second World War extension was done by Charles Wheeler.
The Rainham War Memorial commemorates soldiers killed in both World Wars.
The Rainham War Memorial commemorates civilian casualties of World War II.
The Freetown Memorial is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial.
The Freetown Memorial is located outside the Secretariate Building in Freetown, Sierra Leone.
The Freetown Memorial generally commemorates soldiers from Sierra Leone.
The soldiers from Sierra Leone died whilst serving with the Royal West African Frontier Force in West Africa.
The graves of the soldiers from Sierra Leone are not known.
The Freetown Memorial commemorates 1,109 First World War casualties.
The Freetown Memorial commemorates 247 Second World War casualties.
The Monmouth War Memorial commemorates the Monmouth fallen of the First World War.
The Monmouth War Memorial commemorates the Monmouth fallen of the Second World War.
The Arras Flying Services Memorial is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial.
The Arras Flying Services Memorial is located in the Faubourg d'Amiens Cemetery.
The Faubourg d'Amiens Cemetery is in Arras, France.
The Arras Flying Services Memorial commemorates nearly 1,000 airmen from forces of the Commonwealth.
The nearly 1,000 airmen were killed on the Western Front during World War I.
The nearly 1,000 airmen have no known grave.
The Arras Flying Services Memorial was designed by Edwin Lutyens.
The Arras Flying Services Memorial was sculpted by William Reid Dick.
The Arras Flying Services Memorial was unveiled by Hugh Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard.
Hugh Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard, was a Marshal of the Royal Air Force.
The unveiling of the Arras Flying Services Memorial took place on 31 July 1932.
The Livesey Hall War Memorial commemorates the fallen of World War I.
The Livesey Hall War Memorial commemorates the fallen of World War II.
The fallen of World War I and World War II had been employed by the South Suburban Gas Company of London.
The Livesey Hall War Memorial is a tribute to those employees who served in the wars.
The monument was designed by Sydney March.
The monument was executed by Sydney March.
Sydney March is a British sculptor.
Sydney March is a member of the March family of artists.
The Portsmouth Naval Memorial is a war memorial in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England.
The Portsmouth Naval Memorial is sometimes known as Southsea Naval Memorial.
The Portsmouth Naval Memorial is located on Southsea Common beside Clarence Esplanade.
The Portsmouth Naval Memorial is situated between Clarence Pier and Southsea Castle.
The Portsmouth Naval Memorial commemorates approximately 25,000 British and Commonwealth sailors who were lost in the World Wars.
Approximately 10,000 sailors were lost in the First World War.
Approximately 15,000 sailors were lost in the Second World War.
The Portsmouth Naval Memorial features a central obelisk.
The names of the dead are on bronze plaques arranged around the memorial according to the year of death.
The Masnières Newfoundland Memorial is a war memorial.
The Masnières Newfoundland Memorial is a Dominion of Newfoundland war memorial.
The Masnières Newfoundland Memorial commemorates the actions of the Royal Newfoundland Regiment during the First Battle of Cambrai.
The First Battle of Cambrai was part of World War I.
The Masnières Newfoundland Memorial is located at the north end of the town of Masnières, France.
The memorial commemorates the participation of the Newfoundlanders in the taking and defense of the town of Masnières.
The participation of the Newfoundlanders occurred during the First Battle of Cambrai.
The First Battle of Cambrai took place between the 20th of November and 2 December 1917.
The War Memorial in Hanoi is located across the Ba Dinh Square.
The War Memorial in Hanoi is located across the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum.
The War Memorial in Hanoi is located close to Hanoi Citadel.
The War Memorial in Hanoi was constructed in 1993.
The War Memorial in Hanoi features a fusion of traditional Vietnamese and modernist architecture.
The War Memorial in Hanoi commemorates men and women who sacrificed themselves during the Second Indochina War.
The Second Indochina War is known by many names.
The Second Indochina War is known as the American War in Vietnam by many.
The War Memorial in Hanoi is a focal point for state functions.
The War Memorial in Hanoi commemorates the war dead.
The Alamein Memorial is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial.
The Alamein Memorial is located in the El Alamein War Cemetery.
The El Alamein War Cemetery is in El Alamein, Egypt.
The Alamein Memorial commemorates 11,866 Commonwealth forces members.
The Commonwealth forces members died during World War II.
The Alamein Memorial was designed by Hubert Worthington.
The Alamein Memorial was unveiled by Viscount Montgomery of Alamein.
The unveiling of the Alamein Memorial took place on 24 October 1954.
The Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library is a repository.
The Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library is located on the north campus of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
The Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library houses archival materials.
The archival materials pertain to the life, career, and presidency of Gerald Ford.
Gerald Ford was the 38th President of the United States.
The Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library is a part of the National Archives and Records Administration's presidential library system.
Grantley Adams International Airport is the international airport of Barbados.
Grantley Adams International Airport is located in Seawell, Christ Church.
Grantley Adams International Airport is also known as GAIA.
The IATA code for Grantley Adams International Airport is BGI.
The ICAO code for Grantley Adams International Airport is TBPB.
Grantley Adams International Airport is the only designated port of entry for persons arriving and departing by air in Barbados.
Grantley Adams International Airport operates as a major gateway to the Eastern Caribbean.
Grantley Adams International Airport has direct service to destinations in the United States.
Grantley Adams International Airport has direct service to destinations in Canada.
Grantley Adams International Airport has direct service to destinations in Central America.
Grantley Adams International Airport has direct service to destinations in Europe.
Grantley Adams International Airport serves as the second hub for LIAT.
In 2016, Grantley Adams International Airport was the 8th busiest airport in the Caribbean region.
In 2016, Grantley Adams International Airport was the third busiest airport in the Lesser Antilles.
Queen Beatrix International Airport is located in Aruba.
Pointe-à-Pitre International Airport is located in the Republic of France within the island of Guadeloupe.
Grantley Adams International Airport remains an important air-link for cruise ship passengers departing and arriving at the Port of Bridgetown.
Grantley Adams International Airport is a base of operations for the Regional Security System.
Grantley Adams International Airport is a base of operations for the Regional (Caribbean) Police Training Centre.
A pre-commissioning unit is used by the United States Navy to describe vessels under construction prior to their official commissioning.
The abbreviation for pre-commissioning unit is PCU.
Prior to its commissioning, the aircraft carrier 'Gerald R. Ford' has been described by the United States Navy as 'pre-commissioning unit (PCU) Gerald R. Ford'.
'PCU' is only a descriptive term.
'PCU' is not a prefix or a part of the ship's official name.
Until they are commissioned, U.S. Navy vessels are officially identified by their given name and hull number only with no prefix.
An example of a U.S. Navy vessel is 'Gerald R. Ford' with hull number CVN-78.
Gerald R. Ford International Airport is a commercial airport.
Gerald R. Ford International Airport is located in Cascade Township.
Cascade Township is approximately 13 miles southeast of Grand Rapids, Michigan.
The facility is owned by the Kent County Board of Commissioners.
The facility is managed by an independent authority.
The Federal Aviation Administration is an agency.
The Federal Aviation Administration National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021 categorized Gerald R. Ford International Airport as a small hub primary commercial service facility.
The Gerald R. Ford Freeway refers to Interstate Highways.
The Interstate Highways are named for former President Gerald R. Ford.
Gerald R. Ford was a former President.
Gerald R. Ford was born in Omaha.
Omaha is the place where Gerald R. Ford was born.
Gerald R. Ford grew up in Michigan.
Michigan is the place where Gerald R. Ford grew up.
Gerald R. Ford was a Congressman.
Bishop International Airport is a commercial and general aviation airport.
Bishop International Airport is located in Flint, Michigan.
Bishop International Airport is named after Arthur Giles Bishop.
Arthur Giles Bishop was a banker and General Motors board member.
Arthur Giles Bishop was born on April 12, 1851.
Arthur Giles Bishop died on January 22, 1944.
Arthur Giles Bishop donated 220 acres of his farmland for the airport in 1928.
Bishop International Airport is the third busiest airport in Michigan.
Bishop International Airport surpassed MBS International Airport in terms of airline operations in 2002.
In 2007, 1,071,238 passengers used Bishop International Airport.
In 2011, 938,914 passengers used Bishop International Airport.
Bishop International Airport is included in the Federal Aviation Administration National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021.
Bishop International Airport is categorized as a small hub primary commercial service facility.
Bishop International Airport is currently served by several passenger airlines.
Allegiant Air operates mainline service out of Bishop International Airport.
Southwest Airlines operates mainline service out of Bishop International Airport.
Delta Air Lines operates mainline service out of Bishop International Airport.
Affiliates of Delta Connection operate out of Bishop International Airport.
United Express operates out of Bishop International Airport.
American Eagle operates out of Bishop International Airport.
FedEx Express operates cargo services out of Bishop International Airport.
A FedEx Feeder affiliate operates cargo services out of Bishop International Airport.
Av Flight is a fixed-base operator at Bishop International Airport.
Av Flight handles both general aviation and airline operations.
American Wings Aviation is a flight school at Bishop International Airport.
Bishop International Airport is in southwestern Flint.
Bishop International Airport is surrounded by Flint Township to the north, east, and west.
Bishop International Airport is surrounded by Mundy Township to the south.
The Raleigh Executive Jetport is located in Sanford-Lee County.
The Raleigh Executive Jetport is also known as Raleigh Exec Jetport at Sanford-Lee County.
The FAA Airport Master Record for TTA is Form 5010.
The ICAO code for the Raleigh Executive Jetport is KTTA.
The FAA LID for the Raleigh Executive Jetport is TTA.
The Raleigh Executive Jetport is a public use airport.
The Raleigh Executive Jetport is located seven nautical miles northeast of the central business district of Sanford.
Sanford is a city in Lee County, North Carolina, United States.
The Raleigh Executive Jetport is owned by the Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport Authority.
The Raleigh Executive Jetport was previously known as Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport.
The Raleigh Executive Jetport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015.
The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems categorized the Raleigh Executive Jetport as a 'reliever airport' for Raleigh-Durham International Airport.
John Glenn Columbus International Airport is an international airport.
John Glenn Columbus International Airport is located 6 miles east of downtown Columbus, Ohio.
John Glenn Columbus International Airport was formerly known as Port Columbus International Airport.
John Glenn Columbus International Airport is managed by the Columbus Regional Airport Authority.
The Columbus Regional Airport Authority also oversees operations at Rickenbacker International Airport.
The Columbus Regional Airport Authority also oversees operations at Bolton Field.
The airport code 'CMH' stands for 'Columbus Municipal Hangar.'
Columbus Municipal Hangar was the original name for John Glenn Columbus International Airport.
Elko Regional Airport is located a mile west of downtown Elko.
Elko Regional Airport is in Elko County, Nevada.
Elko Regional Airport has the IATA code EKO.
Elko Regional Airport has the ICAO code KEKO.
Elko Regional Airport has the FAA LID EKO.
Elko Regional Airport was formerly known as Elko Municipal Airport.
Pensacola International Airport is a public use airport.
Pensacola International Airport has the IATA code PNS.
Pensacola International Airport has the ICAO code KPNS.
Pensacola International Airport has the FAA LID PNS.
Pensacola International Airport was formerly known as Pensacola Gulf Coast Regional Airport.
Pensacola International Airport was formerly known as Pensacola Regional Airport.
Pensacola International Airport is located three nautical miles northeast of the central business district of Pensacola.
Pensacola International Airport is located in Escambia County, Florida, United States.
Pensacola International Airport is owned by the City of Pensacola.
Pensacola International Airport does not offer direct international flights.
Pensacola International Airport is one of the five major airports in North Florida.
The other major airports in North Florida are Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport, Destin-Fort Walton Beach Airport, Tallahassee International Airport, and Jacksonville International Airport.
The Princeton Neuroscience Institute is a center for neuroscience research.
The Princeton Neuroscience Institute is located at Princeton University.
The Princeton Neuroscience Institute was created in 2006.
The Princeton Neuroscience Institute was created as a partnership of Princeton University's departments of Psychology and Molecular Biology.
The partnership to create the Princeton Neuroscience Institute was led by Jonathan Cohen.
Jonathan Cohen is a psychology professor.
The partnership to create the Princeton Neuroscience Institute was led by David Tank.
David Tank is a molecular biology professor.
Jonathan Cohen and David Tank continue to serve as Co-Directors of the Princeton Neuroscience Institute.
In 2014, the Princeton Neuroscience Institute moved into a dedicated research complex.
The dedicated research complex houses both the Princeton Neuroscience Institute and the Department of Psychology.
The building of the dedicated research complex is 248,000 square feet.
The building of the dedicated research complex was designed by Rafael Moneo.
The building of the dedicated research complex was designed to meet LEED Silver certification.
Abraham Harold Maslow was an American psychologist.
Abraham Harold Maslow was born on April 1, 1908.
Abraham Harold Maslow died on June 8, 1970.
Abraham Harold Maslow was best known for creating Maslow's hierarchy of needs.
Maslow's hierarchy of needs is a theory of psychological health.
Maslow's hierarchy of needs is predicated on fulfilling innate human needs in priority.
Maslow's hierarchy of needs culminates in self-actualization.
Abraham Harold Maslow was a psychology professor at Alliant International University.
Abraham Harold Maslow was a psychology professor at Brandeis University.
Abraham Harold Maslow was a psychology professor at Brooklyn College.
Abraham Harold Maslow was a psychology professor at New School for Social Research.
Abraham Harold Maslow was a psychology professor at Columbia University.
Abraham Harold Maslow stressed the importance of focusing on the positive qualities in people.
Abraham Harold Maslow opposed treating people as a 'bag of symptoms.'
A survey published in 2002 in 'Review of General Psychology' ranked Abraham Harold Maslow as the tenth most cited psychologist of the 20th century.
Frank L. Schmidt is a retired American psychology professor.
Frank L. Schmidt was affiliated with the University of Iowa.
Frank L. Schmidt is known for his work in personnel selection and employment testing.
Frank L. Schmidt is a researcher in the area of industrial and organizational psychology.
Frank L. Schmidt has the most number of publications in the two major journals in the 1980s.
In the 1990s, Frank L. Schmidt was the 4th most published researcher in the Journal of Applied Psychology.
In the 1990s, Frank L. Schmidt was the 4th most published researcher in Personnel Psychology.
The Journal of Applied Psychology and Personnel Psychology are the two principal publications in the field of industrial-organizational psychology.
Frank L. Schmidt is the winner of the first Dunnette Prize.
The Dunnette Prize is the most prestigious lifetime achievement award given by the Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology.
The Dunnette Prize is awarded to honor living individuals whose work has significantly expanded knowledge of the causal significance of individual differences through advanced research, development, and/or application.
Stephen M. Colarelli is an American psychology professor.
Stephen M. Colarelli is a professor at Central Michigan University.
Stephen M. Colarelli is known for his research on evolutionary psychology.
Stephen M. Colarelli is known for his research on the workplace.
Stanley Coren was born in 1942.
Stanley Coren is a psychology professor.
Stanley Coren is a neuropsychological researcher.
Stanley Coren has become best known to the general public for his best selling and award-winning books regarding the intelligence of dogs.
Stanley Coren has become best known to the general public for his best selling and award-winning books regarding the mental abilities of dogs.
Stanley Coren has become best known to the general public for his best selling and award-winning books regarding the history of dogs.
Stanley Coren has appeared in television shows and media coverage that have been broadcast in Canada.
Stanley Coren has appeared in television shows and media coverage that have been broadcast in the United States.
Stanley Coren has appeared in television shows and media coverage that have been broadcast overseas.
Stanley Coren has become popular with dog owners.
Stanley Coren continues research and instruction in psychology at the University of British Columbia.
The University of British Columbia is located in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Stanley Coren writes for 'Psychology Today'.
Stanley Coren writes in the award-winning regular feature series Canine Corner.
Kimberly Young is a psychologist.
Kimberly Young is a world expert on Internet addiction disorder.
Kimberly Young is a world expert on online behaviour.
Kimberly Young founded the Center for Internet Addiction in 1995.
Kimberly Young was a psychology professor at the University of Pittsburgh at Bradford.
Kimberly Young has a PhD in Clinical Psychology.
Kimberly Young is currently a professor of management scientists at St. Bonaventure University.
Kimberly Young has published numerous journal articles.
Kimberly Young has published numerous book chapters.
Kimberly Young has served as an expert witness regarding her pioneer research.
Kimberly Young provided testimony for the Child Protection Online Act Congressional Committee.
Kimberly Young is a member of the American Psychological Association.
Kimberly Young is a member of the Pennsylvania Psychological Association.
Kimberly Young is a founding member of the International Society of Mental Health Online.
Ralph Franklin Hefferline was born on 15 February 1910 in Muncie, Indiana.
Ralph Franklin Hefferline died on 16 March 1974.
Ralph Franklin Hefferline was a psychology professor at Columbia University.
Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom is an award-winning documentary film.
Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom was released in 2007.
Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom is about fans of the New York Mets.
Katherine Foronjy and Joseph Coburn directed, produced, and edited Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom.
The film follows a wide variety of fans over the course of the 2005 baseball season.
The film follows a wide variety of fans over the course of the 2006 baseball season.
The film culminates in an exciting 7 game series against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NLCS.
Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom shows the emotional attachment that fans develop for their team.
The emotional attachment that fans develop for their team can be the source of great joy.
The emotional attachment that fans develop for their team can be the source of tremendous sadness.
Hundreds of fans were interviewed for Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom.
Coburn and Foronjy caught up with former Mets players Bud Harrelson, Ron Swoboda, Ed Charles, Tim Teuffel, and legendary broadcaster Ralph Kiner.
Dr. Daniel Wann is a sports psychology professor at Murray State University.
Dr. Daniel Wann explains many of the psychological characteristics that sports fans share in Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom.
A group of female Mets fans is of particular focus in Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom.
The favorite player of the group of female Mets fans is former catcher Mike Piazza.
The group of female Mets fans waits for Mike Piazza's arrival outside the Shea stadium parking lot on game days.
The group of female Mets fans traveled around the country to see Mike Piazza play even when he was no longer a player on the Mets.
E. Mavis Hetherington was born on November 27, 1926.
E. Mavis Hetherington is a retired psychology professor at the University of Virginia.
E. Mavis Hetherington is a leading researcher on the impacts of divorce.
E. Mavis Hetherington is a leading researcher on family as units.
E. Mavis Hetherington is a leading researcher on the development of children.
E. Mavis Hetherington has published more than 200 articles throughout her career.
E. Mavis Hetherington has edited 13 books throughout her career.
E. Mavis Hetherington helped improve the psychology department at the University of Virginia.
The psychology department at the University of Virginia became a nationally ranked program due to E. Mavis Hetherington's efforts.
E. Mavis Hetherington introduced a new method of analyzing observational research.
E. Mavis Hetherington helped open the field of psychology to women.
E. Mavis Hetherington overcame discrimination in her early career.
David C. Funder holds a Ph.D. from Stanford University, which he obtained in 1979.
David C. Funder is a psychology professor.
David C. Funder has written a number of important textbooks and research articles pertaining to the field of personality psychology.
David C. Funder resides as the chair of the Psychology department at the University of California, Riverside.
David C. Funder used to be a past editor of the Journal of Research and Personality.
David C. Funder was a former secondary editor of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology.
David C. Funder has been praised for his studies on personality judgment.
David C. Funder has published research over attribution theory.
David C. Funder has published research over the delay of gratification.
The Scotch Collie is a landrace breed of dog.
The Scotch Collie originated from the highland regions of Scotland.
The Scotch Collie consisted of both the long-haired Collie and the short-haired Collie.
The long-haired Collie is now known as Rough Collie.
The short-haired Collie is now known as Smooth Collie.
It is generally believed that the Scotch Collie descended from a variety of ancient herding dogs.
Some of the ancient herding dogs date back to the Roman occupation.
The ancient herding dogs may have included Roman Cattle Dogs.
The ancient herding dogs may have included Native Celtic Dogs.
The ancient herding dogs may have included Viking Herding Spitzes.
Other ancestors of the Scotch Collie include the Gordon Setters.
Other ancestors of the Scotch Collie include the Irish Setters.
The collie is a distinctive type of herding dog.
The collie includes many related landraces and standardized breeds.
The collie type originated in Scotland.
The collie type originated in Northern England.
The collie is a medium-sized dog.
The collie is a fairly lightly built dog.
The collie has a pointed snout.
Many types of collies have a distinctive white pattern over the shoulders.
Collies are very active.
Collies are agile.
Most types of collies have a very strong herding instinct.
Collie breeds have spread through many parts of the world.
Collie breeds have spread especially in Australia.
Collie breeds have spread especially in North America.
Collie breeds have diversified into many varieties.
Collie breeds sometimes have mixture from other dog types.
Some collie breeds have remained as working dogs.
Working dogs are used for herding cattle.
Working dogs are used for herding sheep.
Working dogs are used for herding other livestock.
Some collie breeds are kept as pets.
Some collie breeds are kept as show dogs.
Some collie breeds are kept for dog sports.
Collies display great agility in dog sports.
Collies display great stamina in dog sports.
Collies display great trainability in dog sports.
The American Kennel Club has a breed they call 'Collie'.
Collie dogs are a distinctive type of herding dog.
Collie dogs include many related landraces and formal breeds.
There are usually major distinctions between show dogs and those bred for herding trials.
Show dogs typically display great agility.
Show dogs typically display great stamina.
Show dogs typically display great trainability.
Show dogs display sagacity.
The viol is any one of a family of bowed, fretted and stringed instruments.
The viol has hollow wooden bodies and pegboxes.
The tension on the strings of the viol can be increased or decreased to adjust the pitch of each of the strings.
Frets on the viol are usually made of gut.
Frets on the viol are tied on the fingerboard around the instrument's neck.
Frets enable the performer to stop the strings more cleanly.
Frets improve consistency of intonation.
Frets lend the stopped notes a tone which better matches the open strings.
Viols first appeared in Spain in the mid to late 15th century.
Viols were most popular in the Renaissance and Baroque periods.
The Renaissance period is defined as 1600-1750.
Early ancestors of the viol include the Arabic rebab.
Early ancestors of the viol include the medieval European vielle.
Later, more direct possible ancestors of the viol include the Venetian viole.
Later, more direct possible ancestors of the viol include the 15th- and 16th-century Spanish vihuela.
The vihuela is a 6-course plucked instrument tuned like a lute.
The vihuela is also tuned like a present-day viol.
The vihuela looked like but was quite distinct from the 4-course guitar.
The 4-course guitar is an earlier chordophone.
The Toy Manchester Terrier is a breed of dog.
The Toy Manchester Terrier is categorized as a terrier.
The Toy Manchester Terrier was bred down in size in North America from the Manchester Terrier.
The American Kennel Club places the Toy Manchester Terrier in the Toy Group.
The Canadian Kennel Club places the Toy Manchester Terrier in the Toy Group.
The Manchester Terrier is placed in the Terrier Group.
The Fédération Cynologique Internationale does not recognize a Toy variety of the Manchester Terrier.
The Kennel Club does not recognize a Toy variety of the Manchester Terrier.
The Irish Red and White Setter is a breed of dog.
The Irish Red and White Setter is more specifically a setter.
The Irish Red and White Setter is classified as a gundog in the UK.
The Irish Red and White Setter is included in the sporting group in America.
The Irish Red and White Setter is included in the sporting group in Canada.
The Irish Red and White Setter is virtually identical in use and temperament to the related Irish Setter.
The Irish Red and White Setter is virtually identical in use and temperament to the Gordon Setter.
The Irish Red and White Setter is virtually identical in use and temperament to the English Setter.
The Irish Red and White Setter is more often found as a working gun dog.
The English Setter is a medium size breed of dog.
The English Setter is part of the Setter family.
The Setter family includes the red Irish Setters.
The Setter family includes the Irish Red and White Setters.
The Setter family includes the black-and-tan Gordon Setters.
The mainly white body coat of the English Setter is of medium length.
The body coat of the English Setter has long silky fringes on the back of the legs.
The body coat of the English Setter has long silky fringes under the belly.
The body coat of the English Setter has long silky fringes on the tail.
The coat of the English Setter features flecks of colour.
The different colour varieties of the English Setter are referred to as belton.
The Russian Toy is a very small breed of dog.
The Russian Toy is also known as the Russian Toy Terrier.
In Russia, the Russian Toy is known as the Russkiy Toy.
In Russia, the Russian Toy is also known as Toychik.
The Russian Toy is referred to in Russian as Русский той and Тойчик.
The Russian Toy was originally bred in Russia from the English Toy Terrier.
The English Toy Terrier is known today as the Manchester Terrier.
There are two types of coats in the Russian Toy breed: smooth coat and long coat.
The smooth-coated variety of the Russian Toy was previously known as the Russian Toy Terrier.
The long-coated variety of the Russian Toy was previously known as the Moscow Long Haired Toy Terrier.
Both the smooth-coated variety and the long-coated variety were brought together under the same Russian Toy Terrier name in 1988.
The name 'Terrier' was dropped from the Russian Toy name when the breed was added in 2006 to the official list of breeds registered with the Fédération Cynologique Internationale.
The Russian Toy has been registered in the Foundation Stock Service of the American Kennel Club since 2008.
The Russian Toy has been allowed to compete in AKC companion events since 2010.
The first official breed standard of the two varieties of the Russian Toy was written in 1966 in Russia.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier is a small to medium-sized American hunting terrier.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier is lower-set with shorter legs.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier is more muscular than its cousin the American Rat Terrier.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier has heavier bone density than its cousin the American Rat Terrier.
There is much diversity in the history of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier breed.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier shares a common early history with the American Rat Terrier.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier shares a common early history with the Fox Paulistinha.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier shares a common early history with the Tenterfield Terrier.
It is said that the Rat Terrier background stems from the terriers or other dogs brought over by early English immigrants.
It is said that the Rat Terrier background stems from the terriers or other dogs brought over by other working class immigrants.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier was a farm, hunting, and utility dog.
There was little to no planned breeding of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier.
Breeding of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier involved breeding dogs with agreeable traits to each other.
The goal of breeding the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier was to produce the desired work ethic in the dog.
It is assumed that the Feist shares in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.
It is assumed that the Bull Terrier shares in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.
It is assumed that the Smooth Fox Terrier shares in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.
It is assumed that the Manchester Terrier shares in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.
It is assumed that the Whippet shares in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.
It is assumed that the Italian Greyhound shares in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.
It is assumed that the now extinct English White Terrier shares in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.
It is assumed that the Turnspit dog shares in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.
It is assumed that the Wry Legged Terrier shares in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.
These early Ratting Terriers were most likely bred to the Beagle.
These early Ratting Terriers were most likely bred to Beagle cross bred dogs for increased scenting ability.
Maximizing the influences from various breeds provides the modern Teddy Roosevelt Terrier with a keen sense of awareness.
Maximizing the influences from various breeds provides the modern Teddy Roosevelt Terrier with a prey drive.
Maximizing the influences from various breeds provides the modern Teddy Roosevelt Terrier with an acute sense of smell.
Maximizing the influences from various breeds provides the modern Teddy Roosevelt Terrier with a very high intellect.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier tends to be aloof with strangers.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier is a devoted companion dog.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier has a strong desire to please.
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier has a strong desire to be near its owner's side at all times.
A Feist is a small hunting dog.
The Feist is descended from the terriers brought over to the United States by English miners.
The Feist is also descended from other working class immigrants.
These terriers probably included crosses between the Smooth Fox Terrier, the Manchester Terrier, and the now extinct English White Terrier.
These dogs were used as ratters.
Gambling on the prowess of these dogs in killing rats was a favorite hobby of their owners.
Some of these dogs have been crossed with Whippets for speed.
Some of these dogs have been crossed with Italian Greyhounds for speed.
Some of these dogs have been crossed with Beagles for hunting ability.
The crossing of these dogs has extended the family to include a larger variety of purpose than the original ratter.
The original ratter is also known as the Rat Terrier.
Florence Nagle was a trainer and breeder of racehorses.
Florence Nagle was a breeder of pedigree dogs.
Florence Nagle was an active feminist.
Florence Nagle purchased her first Irish Wolfhound in 1913.
Florence Nagle went on to own or breed twenty-one United Kingdom Champions.
Best in Show at Crufts in 1960 was awarded to Sulhamstead Merman.
Sulhamstead Merman was bred, owned, and exhibited by Florence Nagle.
Florence Nagle competed successfully in field trials with Irish Setters from the 1920s until the mid-1960s.
Florence Nagle's competition in field trials resulted in eighteen Field Trial Champions.
The male dog who was a linchpin in the 1970s revival of the Irish Red and White Setter breed was descended from one of Florence Nagle's Irish Setters.
Divya S. Menon was born on 14 March 1987.
Divya S. Menon is an Indian singer.
Divya S. Menon is a television anchor.
Divya S. Menon is from Kerala.
Divya S. Menon is a playback singer in Malayalam.
Divya S. Menon has recorded songs for Tamil films.
Divya S. Menon has recorded songs for Telugu films.
Divya S. Menon started anchoring musical shows in Asianet Cable Vision.
Asianet Cable Vision is located in Thrissur.
Divya S. Menon has done musical shows in YesIndiavision.
Divya S. Menon has done musical shows in Kairali Channels.
Divya S. Menon has participated in the musical shows Ganamela, Sing 'N' Win, and Rain drops.
Divya S. Menon started her film career with the movie Ee Pattanathil Bhootham.
Shaan Rahman noticed Divya S. Menon while she was anchoring music shows.
Shaan Rahman picked Divya S. Menon for the debut album Coffee @ MG Road.
Vineeth Sreenivasan and Shaan Rahman collaborated on the album Coffee @ MG Road.
Divya S. Menon is associated with Blogswara.
Divya S. Menon has sung in multiple albums in the Blogswara series.
Divya S. Menon has sung in Vineeth Sreenivasan's super hit romantic movie Thattathin Marayathu.
Shaan Rahman composed the music for Thattathin Marayathu.
Divya S. Menon has been associated with Vineeth Sreenivasan and Shaan Rahman ventures.
Divya S. Menon has been associated with Malarvadi Arts Club.
In 2014, the hit wedding song 'Thudakkham Maangalyam' from Anjali Menon's Bangalore Days gave Divya S. Menon much popularity.
Divya S. Menon sang 'Thudakkham Maangalyam' along with Vijay Yesudas and Sachin Warrier.
Gopi Sunder composed the song 'Thudakkham Maangalyam'.
In 2015, Divya S. Menon was noticed more promptly when she sang the song 'Puthumazhayai'.
'Puthumazhayai' is from Martin Prakkat's 2015 Malayalam film Charlie.
Gopi Sunder composed the song 'Puthumazhayai'.
Shreya Ghoshal also sang the song 'Puthumazhayai'.
Divya S. Menon has sung several ad jingles for various music composers.
Divya S. Menon has sung ad jingles in both Malayalam and Tamil.
William Michael Connolley was born on 12 April 1964.
William Michael Connolley is a British software engineer.
William Michael Connolley is a writer.
William Michael Connolley is a blogger on climatology.
William Michael Connolley was a Senior Scientific Officer in the Physical Sciences Division in the Antarctic Climate and the Earth System project at the British Antarctic Survey until December 2007.
William Michael Connolley worked as a climate modeller at the British Antarctic Survey.
After December 2007, William Michael Connolley became a software engineer for Cambridge Silicon Radio.
Kanave Kalayathe is an album.
The English title of the album is Dreams Never Disappear.
The album is sung by Sachin Warrier.
The album stars Leon Poulose.
The album stars Swetha Raj.
The album stars Akash Thomas.
The album stars NeethuKrishna VR.
The album stars Christy Vazhapilly.
The album stars Althaf.
The soundtrack of the album was composed by Abee Joe.
The album was produced by Nidhinsha.
The album was distributed by Muzik247.
The music video of the album is directed by Deen Shifaz.
The music video of the album is directed by Ashith Wilson.
"Muthuchippy Poloru" is a Malayalam song.
The Malayalam song "Muthuchippy Poloru" was composed by Shaan Rahman.
The Malayalam song "Muthuchippy Poloru" featured in the film "Thattathin Marayathu".
The lyrics of the Malayalam song "Muthuchippy Poloru" were written by Anu Elizabeth Jose.
The Malayalam song "Muthuchippy Poloru" was sung by Sachin Warrier.
The Malayalam song "Muthuchippy Poloru" was sung by actress Remya Nambeesan.
The Malayalam song "Muthuchippy Poloru" was one of the most popular Malayalam songs of 2012.
The Malayalam song "Muthuchippy Poloru" won several awards.
The Malayalam song "Muthuchippy Poloru" was later reused in the Telugu remake of "Thattathin Marayathu".
The Telugu remake of "Thattathin Marayathu" is titled "Saheba Subramanyam".
In the Telugu remake "Saheba Subramanyam", the song "Muthuchippy Poloru" was reused as "Muddu Muddu".
Sachin Warrier is a playback singer in the Malayalam cinema industry.
Sachin Warrier is a composer in the Malayalam cinema industry.
Sachin Warrier is from Kerala.
Sachin Warrier became notable with the song 'Muthuchippi Poloru' from the film Thattathin Marayathu.
Sachin Warrier made his debut with the movie Malarvaadi Arts Club.
Sachin Warrier was working as a software engineer in Tata Consultancy Services.
Tata Consultancy Services is located in Kochi.
Sachin Warrier later resigned from the job at Tata Consultancy Services.
Sachin Warrier resigned from the job to concentrate more on music.
Sachin Warrier's latest work is as a composer for the movie Aanandam.
Alec David Edward Muffett was born on April 22, 1968.
Alec David Edward Muffett is an Anglo-American internet-security evangelist.
Alec David Edward Muffett is an architect.
Alec David Edward Muffett is a software engineer.
Alec David Edward Muffett is principally known for his work on Crack.
Crack is the original Unix password cracker.
Alec David Edward Muffett is known for his work on the CrackLib password-integrity testing library.
Alec David Edward Muffett is active in the Open Source software community.
Alec David Edward Muffett worked as a Software Engineer for Facebook.
Wes McKinney is an American statistician.
Wes McKinney is a data scientist.
Wes McKinney is a businessman.
Wes McKinney was the CEO of technology startup Datapad.
Wes McKinney was the founder of technology startup Datapad.
Wes McKinney is the main author of the open-source Pandas package for data analysis in the Python programming language.
Wes McKinney has written the textbook 'Python for Data Analysis' on the topic of data analysis.
Wes McKinney worked as a software engineer for Cloudera.
Cloudera acquired Datapad in 2014.
Wes McKinney is now a software engineer at Two Sigma Investments.
Sachin Bansal was born on 5 August 1981.
Sachin Bansal is an Indian software engineer.
Sachin Bansal is an Internet entrepreneur.
Sachin Bansal is known for co-founding India's e-commerce platform Flipkart.
Sachin Bansal is from Chandigarh.
Sachin Bansal is an engineering graduate.
Sachin Bansal graduated from the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi.
A lead programmer is a software engineer.
A lead programmer is in charge of one or more software projects.
Alternative titles for a lead programmer include development lead.
Alternative titles for a lead programmer include technical lead.
Alternative titles for a lead programmer include lead software engineer.
Alternative titles for a lead programmer include software design engineer lead.
Software design engineer lead is also known as SDE lead.
Alternative titles for a lead programmer include software development manager.
Alternative titles for a lead programmer include software manager.
Alternative titles for a lead programmer include lead application developer.
When primarily contributing in a high-level enterprise software design role, the title software architect is often used.
The title software architect may also include similar titles.
Kazushige Gotō is a software engineer.
Kazushige Gotō specializes in high performance, hand-written, machine code.
Kazushige Gotō was a research associate at the Texas Advanced Computing Center.
The Texas Advanced Computing Center is located at the University of Texas at Austin.
Kazushige Gotō famously hand-optimized assembly routines for supercomputing and PC platforms.
Kazushige Gotō's hand-optimized assembly routines outperform the best compiler generated code.
Several of the fastest supercomputers in the world still use Kazushige Gotō's implementation of the Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms.
Kazushige Gotō's implementation of the Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms is known as GotoBLAS.
Kazushige Gotō joined Microsoft's Technical Computing Group in 2010.
Kazushige Gotō held the title of Senior Researcher at Microsoft's Technical Computing Group.
In July 2012, Kazushige Gotō joined Intel.
Kazushige Gotō held the title of Software Engineer at Intel.
Kazushige Gotō continues to write hand-optimized machine code.
Kazushige Gotō utilizes detailed knowledge of the architecture to which he has access.
Silver Spoon is a Japanese manga series.
Silver Spoon is written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa.
Silver Spoon is set in the fictional Ooezo Agricultural High School in Hokkaido.
Silver Spoon depicts the daily life of Yuugo Hachiken.
Yuugo Hachiken is a high school student from Sapporo.
Yuugo Hachiken enrolled at Ooezo Agricultural High School fleeing from the demands of his strict father.
Yuugo Hachiken learns that life on an agricultural school is not as easy as he initially believed.
Yuugo Hachiken has no intention of following an agricultural career after graduating.
Yuugo Hachiken envies his new classmates for already having set goals for their lives.
Yuugo Hachiken envies his new classmates for their pursuit of their dreams.
Manga Bible is a five-volume manga series based on the Christian Bible.
Manga Bible was created under the direction of the non-profit organization Next.
Next is a group formed by people from the manga industry.
Manga Bible was first published in English.
The books of Manga Bible are originally written in Japanese.
Each volume of Manga Bible is illustrated by a Japanese manga artist.
Each book of Manga Bible is adapted from the Bible by Hidenori Kumai.
The first two books of Manga Bible were illustrated by manga artist Kozumi Shinozawa.
The remaining three books of Manga Bible will be illustrated by a different artist.
The first book in the series is titled 'Manga Messiah'.
'Manga Messiah' was published in 2006.
'Manga Messiah' covered the four gospels of the Bible: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
The second book in the series is titled 'Manga Metamorphosis'.
'Manga Metamorphosis' was published in 2008.
'Manga Metamorphosis' covers the events in Acts and several of Paul's letters.
The third book in the series is titled 'Manga Mutiny'.
'Manga Mutiny' was published in 2008 and 2009.
'Manga Mutiny' begins in Genesis and ends in Exodus.
The fourth book in the series is titled 'Manga Melech'.
'Manga Melech' was published in 2010.
'Manga Melech' picks up where 'Manga Mutiny' left off and continues into the reign of David.
The fifth book in the series is titled 'Manga Messengers'.
'Manga Messengers' was published in 2011.
'Manga Messengers' addresses events starting with the reign of King Solomon.
'Manga Messengers' takes stories from several of the major and minor prophets.
'Manga Messengers' includes the Book of Esther.
'Manga Messengers' concludes with anticipation of a messiah.
Serena Chelsea McKay was a Canadian girl.
Serena Chelsea McKay was born on September 30, 1997.
Serena Chelsea McKay was murdered on April 22 or April 23, 2016.
Serena Chelsea McKay's murder was brutal.
Serena Chelsea McKay's murder was posted online.
The accused suspects in Serena Chelsea McKay's murder are two teenage girls aged 16 and 17.
The murder of Serena Chelsea McKay happened on the Sagkeeng First Nation.
The Sagkeeng First Nation is located 100 kilometers northeast of Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Serena Chelsea McKay's murder was filmed.
The video of Serena Chelsea McKay's murder was posted online.
The posting of the video caused great outrage across Canada.
The video of Serena Chelsea McKay's murder came in a short version and a long version.
The short version of the video was posted on Facebook.
The long version of the video was available for 4 hours.
The long version of the video was later deleted from the public.
Derrick Henderson is the Grand Chief of Sagkeeng.
Derrick Henderson requested Facebook to remove the short video from the public.
It is not exactly known whether Serena Chelsea McKay died on April 22 or April 23, 2017.
Serena Chelsea McKay was last seen on the evening of April 22, 2017.
Serena Chelsea McKay was confirmed missing at 6:00 PM on April 23, 2017.
A dead body later confirmed to be Serena Chelsea McKay was found at 8:00 PM on April 23, 2017.
Two teenage girls were arrested in connection with the murder of Serena Chelsea McKay.
The names of the two teenage girls cannot be named publicly due to a Canadian law.
The Canadian law prohibits releasing names of youth-criminals or accused youth-criminals.
The two girls accused in the murder of Serena Chelsea McKay went to school with Serena Chelsea McKay.
Prosecutors are trying to seek adult sentences for the two accused teenage girls if they are found guilty.
On May 26, 2017, the 17-year-old suspect had her first trial at a Winnipeg provincial court.
Both the defence lawyers and prosecutors ordered a psychological test for the 17-year-old suspect.
The 17-year-old suspect has been held at the Manitoba Youth Centre since her arrest.
The Manitoba Youth Centre is a prison for youth that has remand, post remand, and convict units.
The 16-year-old suspect has also been ordered to undergo a psychological assessment.
A vigil was held in Winnipeg on April 29, 2017.
Hundreds of people marched in the vigil held in Winnipeg.
Serena Chelsea McKay was set to graduate in 2017.
Serena Chelsea McKay's funeral was held at Westwood Church in Winnipeg on May 1, 2017.
Serena Chelsea McKay was buried in Winnipeg.
At Serena Chelsea McKay's high school's graduation on June 23, 2017, her seat was left empty.
Serena Chelsea McKay's empty seat at graduation was marked with a red graduation gown and diploma.
All this was done in honour and memory of Serena Chelsea McKay.
I's is a Japanese manga series.
I's is written and illustrated by Masakazu Katsura.
The main character of the story is Ichitaka Seto.
Ichitaka Seto is a 16-year-old high school student.
Ichitaka Seto is in love with his classmate Iori Yoshizuki.
Ichitaka Seto is too shy to tell Iori Yoshizuki about his feelings.
Ichitaka Seto plans to tell Iori Yoshizuki his true feelings repeatedly.
Each time Ichitaka Seto plans to tell Iori Yoshizuki his feelings, something gets in the way.
The obstacles that get in the way are usually misunderstandings of some kind.
Things become more complicated when Itsuki Akiba returns to Japan.
Itsuki Akiba is a girl Ichitaka Seto was friends with in their childhood.
Itsuki Akiba moved to the United States.
Itsuki Akiba had a huge crush on Ichitaka Seto.
Clear Skies! is a Japanese manga series.
Clear Skies! is written by Akira Sugano.
Clear Skies! is illustrated by Etsumi Ninomiya.
The manga series Clear Skies! is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing.
Digital Manga Publishing operates under its Juné imprint.
Digital Manga Publishing released the first volume of Clear Skies! on 28 August 2008.
Clear Skies! is about four brothers living together.
One of the brothers' old high school flame turns up.
The old high school flame claims that he is married to the brothers' wild older sister.
The wild older sister is nowhere to be found.
The old high school flame brings his adopted son.
Haven't You Heard? I'm Sakamoto is a Japanese manga series.
Nami Sano is the writer and illustrator of the manga series Haven't You Heard? I'm Sakamoto.
The manga follows a high school student named Sakamoto.
Sakamoto has a reputation for being the coolest person among the entire student body.
The series has been licensed for an English release by Seven Seas Entertainment.
An anime television adaptation of Haven't You Heard? I'm Sakamoto was produced by Studio Deen.
The anime television adaptation aired between April 8, 2016 and July 1, 2016.
My Bride Is a Mermaid is a Japanese manga series.
My Bride Is a Mermaid is written by Tahiko Kimura.
The manga was serialized between the September 2002 and May 2009 issues of Monthly Gangan Wing.
The manga was serialized in the June and December 2010 issues of Monthly Gangan Joker.
Monthly Gangan Wing is published by Square Enix.
Monthly Gangan Joker is published by Square Enix.
In 2004, a drama CD based on My Bride Is a Mermaid was released by Frontier Works.
A 26-episode anime television series adaptation of My Bride Is a Mermaid was animated by Gonzo.
The anime television series adaptation of My Bride Is a Mermaid was directed by Seiji Kishi.
The anime aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April and September 2007.
Two original video animation episodes of My Bride Is a Mermaid were released in November 2008.
Two original video animation episodes of My Bride Is a Mermaid were released in January 2009.
Odex is a Singaporean distributor.
Odex released My Bride Is a Mermaid in English in Singapore as Seto No Hana Yome.
The anime was licensed for North American distribution by Funimation Entertainment.
Funimation Entertainment released the anime in 2010 under the title My Bride Is a Mermaid!
The Kindaichi Case Files is a Japanese mystery manga series.
The Kindaichi Case Files is based on the crime solving adventures of a high school student.
The high school student is Hajime Kindaichi.
Hajime Kindaichi is the supposed grandson of the famous fictional private detective Kosuke Kindaichi.
The Kindaichi Case Files is written by Yōzaburō Kanari or Seimaru Amagi, depending on the series.
The Kindaichi Case Files is illustrated by Fumiya Satō.
The Kindaichi series started serialization in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 1992.
The Kindaichi series is one of the earliest works in the mystery manga genre.
In 1995, the Kindaichi manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.
The Prince Of Tennis is a Japanese manga series about a tennis prodigy.
The Prince Of Tennis was written and illustrated by Takeshi Konomi.
The title of The Prince Of Tennis is often shortened to Tenni-Pri.
Tenni-Pri is a portmanteau of the words 'Tennis Prince'.
The manga was first published in Japan in Shueisha's 'Weekly Shōnen Jump' in July 1999.
The manga ended publication on March 3, 2008.
A total of 379 chapters were serialized in The Prince Of Tennis.
The serialized chapters of The Prince Of Tennis spanned 42 volumes.
As of volume 40, The Prince Of Tennis has sold over 40 million copies in Japan.
News that a sequel to The Prince Of Tennis was going to be developed was announced in the December issue of the Japanese manga magazine 'Jump Square'.
The new manga series is entitled 'New Prince of Tennis'.
'New Prince of Tennis' began serialization in the 'Jump Square' magazine on March 4, 2009.
The story of 'New Prince of Tennis' takes place several months after the end of the original manga.
Viz Media acquired the license to distribute The Prince Of Tennis series in English in North America.
Neuro: Supernatural Detective is a Japanese manga series.
Neuro: Supernatural Detective is known in Japan as Majin Tantei Nōgami Neuro.
Majin Tantei Nōgami Neuro is written and illustrated by Yūsei Matsui.
The series follows Neuro Nōgami.
Neuro Nōgami is a demon who depends on mysteries for sustenance.
Neuro Nōgami has consumed all the mysteries in the demon world.
Neuro Nōgami travels to the human world in search of more mysteries.
Neuro Nōgami recruits Yako Katsuragi as a facade for a detective agency.
Yako Katsuragi is a high school student.
The supernatural-themed manga was created because Yūsei Matsui considered himself unable to draw humans.
Ethiopia is a landlocked sovereign country.
Ethiopia is located in the Horn of Africa.
Ethiopia is bordered by Eritrea to the north.
Ethiopia is bordered by Sudan to the west.
Ethiopia is bordered by South Sudan to the south-west.
Ethiopia is bordered by Kenya to the south.
Ethiopia is bordered by Somalia to the east.
Ethiopia is bordered by Djibouti to the north-east.
Ethiopia is one of the oldest countries in the world.
Ethiopia is Africa's second-most populous nation.
Ethiopia has yielded some of humanity's oldest traces.
The area of Ethiopia is important in the history of human evolution.
Recent studies claim that the vicinity of present-day Addis Ababa was the point from which human beings migrated around the world.
Ethiopian dynastic history traditionally began with the reign of Emperor Menelik I in 1000 BC.
The roots of the Ethiopian state are deep.
The roots of the Ethiopian state date with unbroken continuity to at least the Aksumite Empire.
The Aksumite Empire adopted the name 'Ethiopia' in the 4th century.
The predecessor state of the Aksumite Empire is D`mt.
D`mt has early 1st millennium BC roots.
There was a period of decentralized power in Ethiopia in the 18th and early 19th centuries known as the Zemene Mesafint.
The Zemene Mesafint is also known as the 'Era of the Judges/Princes'.
Ethiopia was reunited in 1855 by Kassa Hailu.
Kassa Hailu became Emperor Tewodros II.
The reunification of Ethiopia began Ethiopia's modern history.
Ethiopia's borders underwent significant territorial expansion to its modern borders for the rest of the century.
Emperor Menelik II and Ras Gobena were significant figures in the territorial expansion of Ethiopia.
The territorial expansion culminated in Ethiopia's victory over the Italians at the Battle of Adwa in 1896.
Ras Makonnen provided military leadership during the Battle of Adwa.
The victory at the Battle of Adwa ensured Ethiopia's sovereignty and freedom from colonization.
Ethiopia was brutally occupied by Benito Mussolini's Fascist Italy from 1936 to 1941.
The occupation of Ethiopia ended with its liberation by British Empire and Ethiopian Patriot forces.
P'ent'ay is a term from the Amharic and Tigrinya languages.
P'ent'ay is used to refer to a Christian of a Protestant denomination.
The term P'ent'ay is widely used in Ethiopia.
The term P'ent'ay is widely used among Ethiopians and Eritreans living abroad.
The term P'ent'ay was coined in the late 1960s.
The term P'ent'ay was used as a pejorative for churches that believed in the Pentecostal experience.
Today, the term P'ent'ay is used to describe local Protestant Christians.
Local Protestant Christians who are described by the term P'ent'ay are not members of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
Local Protestant Christians who are described by the term P'ent'ay are not members of the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
The term P'ent'ay is a shortening of the word Pentecostal.
The term P'ent'ay is widely used when referring to all Protestant Christians.
The term P'ent'ay is used regardless of whether the Protestant Christians are actual Pentecostals or not.
Some Orthodox Christians will apply the term P'ent'ay to the small Catholic population of Ethiopia.
The equivalent rendition of P'ent'ay in many other languages is Evangelicals.
The four major Evangelical denominations in Ethiopia are Kale Heywet, Mekane Yesus, Mulu Wongel, and Meserete Kristos.
Kale Heywet is also known as Word of Life.
Mekane Yesus is also known as Place of Jesus.
Mulu Wongel is also known as Full Gospel.
Meserete Kristos means Christ foundation.
Meserete Kristos is also associated with the Mennonite denomination.
Some P'ent'ay communities, especially Mekane Yesus, have been influenced by the Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
The Orthodox Tewahedo Church represents mainstream, traditional Ethiopian Christianity.
For the most part, P'ent'ay communities are very Pentecostal in their worship and theology.
Herbert S. Lewis was born on May 8, 1934.
Herbert S. Lewis is Professor Emeritus of Anthropology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Herbert S. Lewis taught at the University of Wisconsin-Madison from 1963 to 1998.
Herbert S. Lewis has conducted extensive field research.
In Ethiopia, Herbert S. Lewis studied both the history of the Oromo Kingdom of Jimma Abba Jifar and the lives of contemporary Oromos.
Herbert S. Lewis conducted research in Ethiopia from 1958 to 1960.
Herbert S. Lewis conducted research in Ethiopia in 1965 to 1966.
Many of Herbert S. Lewis's ethnographic photographs are visible in the University of Wisconsin's Digital Library.
Herbert S. Lewis's work in Ethiopia was concerned above all with political leadership and community organization.
Herbert S. Lewis's work in Ethiopia was also concerned with ethnohistory and culture history.
The book originally titled A Galla Monarchy: Jimma Abba Jifar, Ethiopia, 1830-1932 is a study by Herbert S. Lewis.
The study by Herbert S. Lewis examines the nature of the monarchy.
The study by Herbert S. Lewis examines the sources of the ruler's power.
The study by Herbert S. Lewis examines the origins of the monarchy.
The study in 1965-66 centered on community life.
The study in 1965-66 centered on the leadership of spirit mediums, k'allu.
Spirit mediums, k'allu, effectively organized religious life and conflict resolution.
Spirit mediums, k'allu, provided a degree of political leadership for rural districts.
The Second Battle of Agordat was fought in late December 1893.
The Second Battle of Agordat was fought between Italian colonial troops and Mahdists from the Sudan.
Emir Ahmed Ali campaigned against the Italian forces in eastern Sudan.
Emir Ahmed Ali led about 10–12,000 men east from Kassala.
The force led by Emir Ahmed Ali encountered 2,400 Italians at Agordat.
The Italians at Agordat were commanded by Colonel Arimondi.
The Italians at Agordat were accompanied by Eritrean askaris.
Over 1,000 Dervishes were killed in severe fighting.
The Emir was among the Dervishes killed in severe fighting.
The outcome of the battle constituted a significant event.
The Treaty of Addis Ababa was signed on 23 October 1896.
The Treaty of Addis Ababa formally ended the First Italo–Ethiopian War.
The terms of the Treaty of Addis Ababa were mostly favorable to Ethiopia.
The Treaty of Addis Ababa superseded a secret agreement between Ethiopia and Italy.
The secret agreement between Ethiopia and Italy was negotiated days after the decisive Battle of Adwa.
The decisive Battle of Adwa occurred in March 1896.
Ethiopian forces were commanded by Menelik II during the Battle of Adwa.
Ethiopian forces defeated the Italians in the Battle of Adwa.
The most important concession made by the Italians was the abrogation of the Treaty of Wuchale.
The Italians recognized Ethiopia as an independent country.
Ethiopia–Japan relations are the international relations between Ethiopia and Japan.
Ethiopia has an ancient history.
Japan has an ancient history.
Ethiopia successfully repulsed European military advances to dominate it at the Battle of Adwa.
Japan successfully repulsed European military advances to dominate it at the Battle of Tsushima.
As a result of their histories, Ethiopia and Japan considered each other potential allies prior to World War II.
The First Italo-Ethiopian War was fought between Italy and Ethiopia from 1895 to 1896.
The First Italo-Ethiopian War originated from a disputed treaty.
The Italians claimed that the disputed treaty turned Ethiopia into an Italian protectorate.
Italy was supported by the two other members of the Triple Alliance, Germany and Austria.
Ethiopian ruler Menelik II was supported by some of his traditional enemies.
The Italian army invaded Ethiopia from Italian Eritrea in 1893.
The Italian army faced a more united front than they expected.
Ethiopia was supported by Russia.
Russia was an Orthodox Christian nation like Ethiopia.
Russia provided military advisers to Ethiopian forces during the war.
Russia provided army training to Ethiopian forces during the war.
Russia provided the sale of weapons for Ethiopian forces during the war.
Ethiopia was supported diplomatically by the United Kingdom.
Ethiopia was supported diplomatically by France.
The support from the United Kingdom and France aimed to prevent Italy from becoming a colonial competitor.
Full-scale war broke out in 1895.
Italian troops had initial success during the war.
Ethiopian troops counterattacked Italian positions.
Ethiopian troops besieged the Italian fort of Meqele.
The siege of the Italian fort of Meqele forced its surrender.
Italian defeat came about after the Battle of Adwa.
The Ethiopian army dealt the heavily outnumbered Italians a decisive blow at the Battle of Adwa.
The decisive blow at the Battle of Adwa forced the Italians to retreat back into Eritrea.
The Battle of Adwa was fought on 2 March 1896.
The Battle of Adwa was fought on Yekatit 23, 1889 according to the Ethiopian calendar.
The Battle of Adwa occurred between the Ethiopian Empire and the Kingdom of Italy.
The Battle of Adwa took place near the town of Adwa, Ethiopia.
Adwa is located in the Tigray region of Ethiopia.
The Battle of Adwa was the climactic battle of the First Italo-Ethiopian War.
The Battle of Adwa was a decisive defeat for the Kingdom of Italy.
The Battle of Adwa secured Ethiopian sovereignty.
Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi was an Italian general.
Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi was mostly known for his role during the First Italo-Ethiopian War.
Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi was born in Savigliano on 26 April 1846.
Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi died in Adwa on 1 March 1896.
Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi was one of the few European commanders who gained a victory over the Mahdists before Kitchener's Expedition.
Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi soundly defeated the Mahdists at Agordat in 1893.
Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi had a long and successful colonial service.
Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi died in combat at Adwa.
Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi was posthumously awarded the Gold Medal of Military Valor.
Saint Ephigenia of Ethiopia is also called Iphigenia of Ethiopia.
Saint Ephigenia of Ethiopia is also called Iphigenia of Abyssinia.
Saint Ephigenia of Ethiopia is a folk saint.
The life of Saint Ephigenia of Ethiopia is told in the 'Golden Legend'.
Saint Ephigenia of Ethiopia is described as a virgin converted to Christianity.
Saint Ephigenia of Ethiopia was consecrated to God by St. Matthew the Apostle.
St. Matthew the Apostle was spreading the Gospel to the region of Ethiopia.
In this context, Ethiopia is understood to be located in the regions south of the Caspian Sea.
Ethiopia is understood to be located in one of the provinces of Mesopotamia, which includes Assyria and Babylon.
Ethiopia is also understood to be located in Ancient Armenia, specifically Colchis.
Gordon Johndroe was born in 1974.
Gordon Johndroe is the vice president of Government Operations Communications at The Boeing Company.
Gordon Johndroe was named to the position of vice president of Government Operations Communications in November 2014.
Gordon Johndroe is responsible for developing and implementing communications strategies associated with advocacy for The Boeing Company's products and businesses.
Gordon Johndroe is responsible for issues management and outreach to the Washington, D.C. news media and related constituencies.
Gordon Johndroe previously worked at Lockheed Martin from 2013 to 2014.
Gordon Johndroe held the position of Vice President for Worldwide Media Relations at Lockheed Martin.
Gordon Johndroe served as the chief spokesperson for Lockheed Martin.
Gordon Johndroe counseled senior leaders on media engagements at Lockheed Martin.
Gordon Johndroe oversaw Lockheed Martin’s media relations campaigns and strategies.
Prior to joining Lockheed Martin, Gordon Johndroe served as Deputy Assistant to President George W. Bush.
Gordon Johndroe served as Deputy Press Secretary for the United States.
Gordon Johndroe was a spokesman for the United States National Security Council.
The president pro tempore of the United States Senate is also known as president pro tem.
The president pro tempore is the second-highest-ranking official of the United States Senate.
The United States Constitution provides that the Vice President of the United States is the President of the Senate.
The Vice President of the United States is not a senator.
The United States Constitution mandates that the Senate must choose a president 'pro tempore' to act in the Vice President's absence.
The president pro tempore is an elected member of the Senate.
The president pro tempore is able to speak or vote on any issue.
The president pro tempore is selected by the Senate at large.
The president pro tempore has enjoyed many privileges.
The president pro tempore has some limited powers.
During the Vice President of the United States' absence, the president pro tempore is empowered to preside over Senate sessions.
In practice, neither the Vice President of the United States nor the president pro tempore usually presides.
The duty of presiding officer is rotated among junior senators of the majority party.
The rotation of the presiding officer duty is intended to give junior senators experience in parliamentary procedure.
Robert E. Nyce is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Robert E. Nyce graduated from Northampton Area Senior High School in Northampton, PA.
Robert E. Nyce graduated from Moravian College in Bethlehem, PA.
Robert E. Nyce worked as a tax professional for over twenty years.
Robert E. Nyce worked at Lehigh Portland Cement Company in Allentown, PA from 1970 to 1973.
Robert E. Nyce was the Manager of Credit Taxes, Insurance and Payroll at Frick Company in Waynesboro, PA from 1973 to 1975.
Robert E. Nyce was a Senior Tax Accountant for Bethlehem Steel Corporation from 1975 to 1985.
Robert E. Nyce was the Assistant Vice President of Taxes for Chrysler First, Inc. in Allentown, PA from 1985 to 1990.
Robert E. Nyce was a member of the Tax Executives Institute.
Robert E. Nyce served as Chairman of the State Tax Committee in the 1980s.
Robert E. Nyce was active in the community of East Allen Township during his private sector employment.
Robert E. Nyce served as a member and Chairman of the East Allen Township Municipal Authority from 1979 to 1984.
Robert E. Nyce served as a member and Treasurer of the East Allen Township Municipal Authority from 2007 to 2013.
Robert E. Nyce negotiated and helped close the sale of the East Allen Township Municipal Authority's assets to The City of Bethlehem and the Bath Borough Municipal Authority from 2011 to 2013.
The sale ensured high quality service of water and sewer for the future for all residents of East Allen Township.
Robert E. Nyce served on the Northampton Area School District Board of Directors from 1984 to 1990.
Robert E. Nyce served as a member, Vice Chairman, and Chairman of the Northampton Area School District Board of Directors.
Robert E. Nyce served on the Bethlehem Area Vocational Technical School Joint Operating Committee.
Robert E. Nyce served as a member, Vice Chairman, and Chairman of the Bethlehem Area Vocational Technical School Joint Operating Committee.
Robert E. Nyce was responsible for normal business operations in both capacities.
Robert E. Nyce participated in union contract negotiations with staff.
Robert E. Nyce ran for and was elected State Representative for the 138th PA House District in 1990.
The 138th PA House District encompasses parts of Northampton and Monroe Counties.
During his three terms in the House of Representatives, Robert E. Nyce served on several important committees.
The committees Robert E. Nyce served on included Education, Local Government, Fish and Game, and Finance.
Robert E. Nyce ran for PA Auditor General in 1996 in an unsuccessful bid.
Robert E. Nyce aimed to represent the people of PA as their financial watchdog.
Following the campaign, Robert E. Nyce was hired as the Executive Director of the Pennsylvania Independent Regulatory Review Commission (IRRC).
Robert E. Nyce served for eight years as the Executive Director of the Pennsylvania Independent Regulatory Review Commission.
Robert E. Nyce oversaw two major revisions to the Regulatory Review Act.
Robert E. Nyce addressed many significant regulatory issues facing the residents of Pennsylvania.
The Pennsylvania Independent Regulatory Review Commission reviews all regulations promulgated in PA.
The Pennsylvania Independent Regulatory Review Commission provides citizens an opportunity to comment on and affect regulations prior to their promulgation.
The two exceptions to the Pennsylvania Independent Regulatory Review Commission's review process are the PA Fish and Boat Commission and the PA Game Commission.
Robert E. Nyce retired from state government in 2005.
Robert E. Nyce now resides in Northampton County.
Robert E. Nyce has been a member of the Free and Accepted Masons of PA since 1971.
Robert E. Nyce has been a member of the Rajah Shrine in Reading, PA since the mid-nineties.
Robert E. Nyce is a past member of the Northampton Exchange Club.
Robert E. Nyce served in the U.S. Army from 1966 to 1969.
Robert E. Nyce completed his basic training at Fort Knox, Kentucky.
Robert E. Nyce completed Advanced Individual Training at Fort Lewis, Washington.
Robert E. Nyce was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 3rd Infantry Unit, 'The Old Guard' at Arlington National Cemetery.
Robert E. Nyce served for about two and one half years in the 1st Battalion, 3rd Infantry Unit.
Robert E. Nyce attained the rank of Staff Sergeant, E-6 before taking an early release to return to Moravian College in September 1969.
While serving at Arlington, Staff Sergeant Robert E. Nyce participated in former President Dwight D. Eisenhower's funeral.
While serving at Arlington, Staff Sergeant Robert E. Nyce participated in President Nixon's Inauguration.
While serving at Arlington, Staff Sergeant Robert E. Nyce participated in Robert F. Kennedy's Funeral.
Executive Order 10925 was signed by President John F. Kennedy on March 6, 1961.
Executive Order 10925 required government contractors to take affirmative action.
The affirmative action required by Executive Order 10925 was to ensure that applicants are employed.
The affirmative action required by Executive Order 10925 was to ensure that employees are treated during employment without regard to their race.
The affirmative action required by Executive Order 10925 was to ensure that employees are treated during employment without regard to their creed.
The affirmative action required by Executive Order 10925 was to ensure that employees are treated during employment without regard to their color.
The affirmative action required by Executive Order 10925 was to ensure that employees are treated during employment without regard to their national origin.
Executive Order 10925 established the President's Committee on Equal Employment Opportunity (PCEEO).
The President's Committee on Equal Employment Opportunity (PCEEO) was chaired by then Vice President Lyndon Johnson.
Vice Chair and Secretary of Labor Arthur Goldberg was in charge of the Committee's operations.
The first implementation of Affirmative Action was meant to give equal opportunities in the workforce to all U.S. citizens.
The first implementation of Affirmative Action was not meant to give special treatment to those discriminated against.
The Gore-Chernomyrdin Commission was a United States and Russian Joint Commission.
The Gore-Chernomyrdin Commission was developed to increase cooperation between the United States and Russia in several different areas.
The Commission was developed by Bill Clinton, who was the President of the United States, and Boris Yeltsin, who was the President of Russia.
The development of the Commission occurred at a summit in Vancouver in April 1993.
Al Gore was the Vice President of the United States.
Victor Chernomyrdin was the Prime Minister of Russia.
Al Gore and Victor Chernomyrdin were appointed as co-chairmen of the Commission.
The committee derives its name from Al Gore and Victor Chernomyrdin.
Before his appointment to the Commission, Victor Chernomyrdin oversaw the Soviet national oil industry as minister from 1985 to 1989.
After the fall of the Soviet Union, Victor Chernomyrdin organized the Soviet oil industry into the Gazprom corporation.
Alfred Balk was an American reporter.
Alfred Balk was a nonfiction author.
Alfred Balk was a magazine editor.
Alfred Balk wrote groundbreaking articles about housing segregation.
Alfred Balk wrote groundbreaking articles about the Nation of Islam.
Alfred Balk wrote groundbreaking articles about the environment.
Alfred Balk wrote groundbreaking articles about Illinois politics.
Alfred Balk's refusal to identify a confidential source led to a landmark court case.
Alfred Balk had a career-long emphasis on media improvement.
Alfred Balk served on the Twentieth Century Fund's task force.
The Twentieth Century Fund's task force established a National News Council.
Alfred Balk consulted for several foundations.
Alfred Balk served as secretary of New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller's Committee on the Employment of Minority Groups in the News Media.
Alfred Balk produced a film titled 'That the People Shall Know: The Challenge of Journalism'.
Walter Cronkite narrated the film 'That the People Shall Know: The Challenge of Journalism'.
Alfred Balk wrote and co-authored books on a variety of topics.
The topics of the books written and co-authored by Alfred Balk ranged from the tax exempt status of religious organizations to globalization to the history of radio.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. was born as Leslie Lynch King Jr.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. was born on July 14, 1913.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. died on December 26, 2006.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. was an American politician.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. served as the 38th President of the United States from August 1974 to January 1977.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. served as President following the resignation of Richard Nixon.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. served eight months as the 40th Vice President of the United States.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. served as Vice President following the resignation of Spiro Agnew.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. was the first person appointed to the vice presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. was the only person to have served as both Vice President and President of the United States without being elected to executive office.
Before his appointment to the vice presidency, Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. served 25 years as U.S. Representative from Michigan's 5th congressional district.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. served the final nine years of his 25 years as U.S. Representative as the House Minority Leader.
Jim Lentz is the chief executive officer for Toyota North America.
Jim Lentz is the president and chief operating officer of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. (TMA).
Jim Lentz is a senior managing officer of Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC).
Toyota Motor Corporation is located in Japan.
In the role of chief executive officer for Toyota North America, Jim Lentz manages all of Toyota’s North American affiliate companies.
The North American affiliate companies include Toyota Motor North America, Inc. (TMA).
The North American affiliate companies include Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS).
The North American affiliate companies include Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing, North America, Inc. (TEMA).
The responsibilities for Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing, North America, Inc. (TEMA) include Toyota Motor Manufacturing Canada Inc. (TMMC).
Jim Lentz has oversight for Toyota Canada, Inc. (TCI).
Jim Lentz serves as the chairman of the North American Executive Committee.
The North American Executive Committee is composed of the top leaders from the affiliate companies.
Most recently, Jim Lentz was the president and chief executive officer of Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS).
Most recently, Jim Lentz was the senior vice president of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. (TMA).
Most recently, Jim Lentz served in a global advisory capacity as the managing officer for Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC).
Before that, Jim Lentz served as the president and chief operating officer of Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS).
Before that, Jim Lentz served as the executive vice president of Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS).
Jim Lentz previously held several executive positions including Toyota division group vice president.
Jim Lentz previously held the position of general manager where he oversaw all sales, logistics and marketing activities for Toyota and Scion regional sales offices and distributors.
Jim Lentz served as the group vice president of marketing for the Toyota division.
Jim Lentz served as the vice president of Scion.
Jim Lentz was responsible for the initial launch of a new line of vehicles.
Jim Lentz spent several years in the field as vice president and general manager of the Los Angeles region.
Before that, Jim Lentz was the general manager of the San Francisco region.
Prior to his role as general manager, Jim Lentz was the vice president of marketing services for CAT in Maryland.
Jim Lentz has held several other positions at Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS).
The other positions at Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS) include field training manager.
The other positions at Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS) include sales administration manager.
The other positions at Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS) include truck sales team member.
Jim Lentz joined Toyota in 1982 as the merchandising manager for its Portland, Oregon region.
Jim Lentz later became the distribution manager for the Portland, Oregon region.
Jim Lentz later became the field operations manager for the Portland, Oregon region.
Jim Lentz serves as chairman on the board of directors of The Global Automakers.
Jim Lentz is a member of the executive advisory board for Daniels College of Business at the University of Denver (DU).
The University of Denver (DU) is Jim Lentz's alma mater.
Jim Lentz was named 'Marketer of the Year' by Advertising Age in 2006.
Jim Lentz was named an Automotive News 'All Star' in 2007.
Jim Lentz was honored as Industry Leader of the Year.
Dragan Crnogorac is the president of the Joint Council of Municipalities.
The Joint Council of Municipalities is a sui generis body.
The Joint Council of Municipalities aligns the interests of the Serb ethnic community in Osijek-Baranja County.
The Joint Council of Municipalities aligns the interests of the Serb ethnic community in Vukovar-Syrmia County.
Since October 2012, Dragan Crnogorac is also a member of the Croatian Parliament.
Dragan Crnogorac is a member of the Independent Democratic Serb Party.
Dragan Crnogorac is a member of the Serbia-Croatia Intergovernmental Mixed Committee for Minorities.
Dragan Crnogorac is a member of the Assembly of Serb National Council.
Dragan Crnogorac is a member of the Croatian Radiotelevision program committee.
Dragan Crnogorac is the Secretary of the Municipal Council of the Serbian national minority in Stari Jankovci municipality.
Dragan Crnogorac is the president of the local branch of the Independent Democratic Serb Party in Stari Jankovci.
Dragan Crnogorac is the Vice President of the City Council of the City of Vukovar.
Dragan Crnogorac is a member of the County Council of the Serbian national minority of Vukovar-Syrmia County.
Cynthia C. Hogan was born in Cincinnati, Ohio around 1958.
Cynthia C. Hogan is the Vice President for Public Policy and Government Affairs at Apple.
Cynthia C. Hogan previously served as Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Government Affairs for the National Football League.
Cynthia C. Hogan served as Counsel to the Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, under President Barack Obama.
Cynthia C. Hogan previously worked as Chief Counsel to Vice President Joe Biden during his time in the United States Senate.
Cynthia C. Hogan served as Staff Director of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
The Scottish Borders is one of 32 council areas of Scotland.
The Scottish Borders is also known as 'The Mairches' in Scots.
The Scottish Borders is also known as 'The Marches' in Scots.
The Scottish Borders borders the City of Edinburgh.
The Scottish Borders borders Dumfries and Galloway.
The Scottish Borders borders East Lothian.
The Scottish Borders borders Midlothian.
The Scottish Borders borders South Lanarkshire.
The Scottish Borders borders West Lothian.
The Scottish Borders borders Northumberland in England to the south and east.
The administrative centre of the Scottish Borders is Newtown St Boswells.
The Royal Burgh of Haddington is a town in East Lothian, Scotland.
The Royal Burgh of Haddington is also known as 'Haidintoun' in Scots.
The Royal Burgh of Haddington is the main administrative centre for East Lothian.
The Royal Burgh of Haddington is the main cultural centre for East Lothian.
The Royal Burgh of Haddington is the main geographical centre for East Lothian.
East Lothian took the form of the county of Haddingtonshire from 1889 to 1921.
The county of Haddingtonshire was established as a result of late-nineteenth century Scottish local government reforms.
The Royal Burgh of Haddington lies about 20 miles east of Edinburgh.
The name Haddington is Anglo-Saxon.
The name Haddington dates from the sixth or seventh century AD.
The area of Haddington was incorporated into the kingdom of Bernicia.
The town of Haddington was ceded by King Edgar of England.
The town of Haddington became part of Scotland in the tenth century.
Haddington received burghal status during the reign of David I.
David I reigned from 1124 to 1153.
Haddington was one of the earliest towns to receive burghal status.
Receiving burghal status gave Haddington trading rights.
The trading rights encouraged the growth of Haddington into a market town.
Dirleton Kirk is situated to the north of the village green in Dirleton.
Dirleton is located in East Lothian.
Dirleton village lies on the south shore of the Firth of Forth.
Dirleton village is 21 miles east of Edinburgh.
Dirleton village is two miles west of North Berwick.
Dirleton village is located on the A198 road.
The church is located at grid reference NT512842.
Lothian and Borders is an area in south-east Scotland.
Lothian and Borders consists of the East Lothian area.
Lothian and Borders consists of the City of Edinburgh area.
Lothian and Borders consists of the Midlothian area.
Lothian and Borders consists of the West Lothian area.
The East Lothian, City of Edinburgh, Midlothian, and West Lothian areas are collectively known as Lothian.
Lothian and Borders also includes the Scottish Borders.
Dirleton is a village in East Lothian, Scotland.
Dirleton is a parish in East Lothian, Scotland.
Dirleton is approximately 20 miles east of Edinburgh on the A198.
Dirleton contains 7500 acres.
Dirleton lies between North Berwick to the east.
Dirleton lies between Gullane to the west.
Dirleton lies between Fenton Barns to the south.
Dirleton lies between the Yellowcraigs nature reserve, Archerfield Estate, and the Firth of Forth to the north.
Gullane parish was joined to Dirleton parish in 1612 by an Act of Parliament.
The Act of Parliament stated that 'Golyn (as it was anciently spelt) is ane decaying toun, and Dirleton is ane thriven place.'
Yellowcraig is a coastal area of forest, beach, and grassland in East Lothian, south-east Scotland.
Yellowcraig is less commonly known as Broad Sands Bay.
Yellowcraig is partly within the Firth of Forth Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI).
Yellowcraig is bordered to the north by the Firth of Forth.
Yellowcraig is bordered to the south by the village of Dirleton.
Dirleton is a village.
Yellowcraig is bordered to the south by Dirleton Castle.
Dirleton Castle is located in Dirleton.
Yellowcraig is bordered to the east by the North Berwick West Links golf course.
North Berwick West Links is a golf course.
Yellowcraig is bordered to the west by the Archerfield Estate.
Archerfield Estate is located in the west of Yellowcraig.
Yellowcraig is bordered to the west by the Links golf courses.
Links golf courses are located in the west of Yellowcraig.
Lord Haliburton of Dirleton was a Scottish Lordship of Parliament.
The Scottish Lordship of Parliament was created circa 1450.
Sir Walter de Haliburton was the first Lord Haliburton.
Sir Walter de Haliburton was the Lord High Treasurer of Scotland.
The seat of Lord Haliburton was at Dirleton Castle.
Dirleton Castle is located in present-day East Lothian.
John David Home Robertson was born on 5 December 1948.
John David Home Robertson is a Labour politician in Scotland.
John David Home Robertson was a Member of Parliament for Berwick and East Lothian from 1978 to 2001.
John David Home Robertson was a Member of Parliament for East Lothian from 1978 to 2001.
John David Home Robertson was a Member of the Scottish Parliament for East Lothian from 1999 until 2007.
Dirleton Castle is a medieval fortress.
Dirleton Castle is located in the village of Dirleton.
Dirleton is in East Lothian, Scotland.
Dirleton Castle lies around 2 miles west of North Berwick.
Dirleton Castle lies around 19 miles east of Edinburgh.
The oldest parts of Dirleton Castle date to the 13th century.
Dirleton Castle was abandoned by the end of the 17th century.
St. Mary's Priory was a monastery of nuns in medieval East Lothian, Scotland.
St. Mary's Priory was located in North Berwick.
St. Mary's Priory was founded by Donnchad I.
Donnchad I was the Earl of Fife.
Donnchad I was the owner of much of northern East Lothian.
St. Mary's Priory was founded around 1150.
St. Mary's Priory lasted for more than four centuries.
St. Mary's Priory declined and disappeared after the Scottish Reformation.
St. Mary's Priory had been endowed by the Earls of Carrick.
St. Mary's Priory had been endowed by the Earls of Fife.
Over time, St. Mary's Priory lost its dependence on the Earls of Carrick and the Earls of Fife.
St. Mary's Priory came to be controlled by the more locally based Home family.
The Home family is also known as the Hume family.
The Home family eventually acquired the lands of St. Mary's Priory as a free barony.
Radiohead Box Set is a box set of the first six studio albums and one live album by the English rock band Radiohead.
The Radiohead Box Set was released on 10 December 2007.
The Radiohead Box Set is available as a seven CD box set.
The Radiohead Box Set is available as a digital download.
The Radiohead Box Set is available as a 4GB USB Stick.
The Radiohead Box Set peaked at #95 in Canada's album charts.
Start Together is a compilation box set.
Start Together contains the entire remastered discography of the American rock band Sleater-Kinney.
A digital version of the remastered box set was released on September 2, 2014.
3,000 limited edition physical copies of the box set were released on colored vinyl.
The limited edition physical copies of the box set included a 44-page companion book.
The limited edition physical copies of the box set were released on October 21, 2014.
The box set included a 7" single of the song 'Bury Our Friends'.
The song 'Bury Our Friends' is from the 2015 album 'No Cities to Love' by Sleater-Kinney.
Nashville Rebel is a box set.
Nashville Rebel was created by Waylon Jennings.
Nashville Rebel was released on RCA Records.
Nashville Rebel was released through Legacy Recordings in 2006.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine is a critic from Allmusic.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine describes Nashville Rebel as the first comprehensive, multi-label Waylon Jennings retrospective ever assembled.
Nashville Rebel comprises ninety-two songs.
The songs in Nashville Rebel were recorded between 1958 and 1994.
The selections in Nashville Rebel come from the majority of Waylon Jennings' recording career.
The first track of Nashville Rebel is 'Jole Blon.'
'Jole Blon' was produced by Buddy Holly.
'Jole Blon' was released in 1958.
The last track of Nashville Rebel is 'I Do Believe.'
'I Do Believe' is a song produced by Don Was.
'I Do Believe' was included on The Highwaymen's 1995 release, 'The Road Goes on Forever.'
The other material on Nashville Rebel covers Waylon Jennings' career chronologically.
The songs in Nashville Rebel range from Waylon Jennings' years on RCA's roster to later compositions from his short-lived stay at Epic Records.
Nashville Rebel ignores the tracks from Waylon Jennings' albums released on independent labels.
The majority of Waylon Jennings' charting singles are included in Nashville Rebel.
Collaborations such as 'Mamas Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys' with Willie Nelson are included in Nashville Rebel.
Collaborations such as 'Highwayman' with The Highwaymen are included in Nashville Rebel.
A notable addition to Nashville Rebel is the previously unreleased 'The Greatest Cowboy of Them All.'
'The Greatest Cowboy of Them All' is a 1978 duet with Johnny Cash.
'The Greatest Cowboy of Them All' was later recorded by Johnny Cash alone for 'A Believer Sings the Truth' (1979).
'The Greatest Cowboy of Them All' was later recorded by Johnny Cash alone for 'The Mystery of Life' (1991).
'It's Sure Been Fun' had never been released in the United States.
'People in Dallas Got Hair' had never been released in the United States.
Nashville Rebel was released on four CDs.
Nashville Rebel includes a 140-page booklet.
Nashville Rebel includes liner notes by Rich Keinzle.
Nashville Rebel includes liner notes by Lenny Kaye.
Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 is a double album.
Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 was released by Atlantic Records on 21 September 1993.
Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 features the rest of the catalogue of the English rock band Led Zeppelin.
The rest of the catalogue of the English rock band Led Zeppelin was not included in the 1990 4-CD box set 'Led Zeppelin'.
All tracks in Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 are digitally remastered.
Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 includes the previously unreleased studio track 'Baby Come On Home'.
A 54-page booklet was included with the release of Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2.
Between Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 and the 4-CD box set, every track from the band's nine studio albums is featured.
Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 features two BBC live recordings.
Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 features the band's only non-LP b-side.
Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 features one studio outtake.
The Doors: Vinyl Box Set is the seventh box set for the rock band The Doors.
The Doors: Vinyl Box Set is a 7 record set of the original 6 Doors albums.
The original 6 Doors albums were remastered in stereo from the original analogue tapes.
The Doors: Vinyl Box Set includes a mono version of the debut album.
The artwork, packaging, and inner sleeves of The Doors: Vinyl Box Set are replicas of the originals from 1967-1971.
The box set was originally planned to be released in October 2007.
The release of The Doors: Vinyl Box Set was delayed due to a problem with the vinyl.
The release of The Doors: Vinyl Box Set was also delayed due to other problems in the production of the box set.
The delay ran until February 2008.
Reasons for the delay included faulty test pressings.
Reasons for the delay included the inferiority of the L.A. Woman artwork.
Reasons for the delay included bad compounds in the vinyl that was used first.
The bad compounds in the vinyl caused a search for a new source of virgin vinyl.
Live in Japan is a four-disc box set.
Live in Japan was created by American saxophonist John Coltrane.
John Coltrane's last group features a quintet.
The quintet includes John Coltrane.
The quintet includes John Coltrane's wife, pianist Alice.
The quintet includes saxophonist and bass clarinetist Pharoah Sanders.
The quintet includes bassist Jimmy Garrison.
The quintet includes drummer Rashied Ali.
The 4-CD set compiles all the music issued as three albums in the seventies by Impulse!. 
The first album is titled 'Concert In Japan'.
'Concert In Japan' was released in 1973 as a US 2-LP.
'Concert In Japan' was electronically processed for compatible quadrophonic/stereo.
The second album is titled 'Coltrane In Japan'.
'Coltrane In Japan' was released in 1974 as a Japan 3-LP.
Side six of 'Coltrane In Japan' is blank.
'Coltrane In Japan' is in mono.
The third album is titled 'Second Night In Tokyo'.
'Second Night In Tokyo' was released in 1976 as a Japan 3-LP.
Side six of 'Second Night In Tokyo' contains an interview.
'Second Night In Tokyo' is in mono.
Some of the material from these albums was reissued as two 2-LP sets in 1980 by MCA.
The titles of the reissued sets are 'Coltrane In Tokyo Vol. 1' and 'Coltrane In Tokyo Vol. 2'.
The first CD issues were by Impulse! Japan.
The first CD issues were released as two 2-CD sets.
The first 2-CD set is titled 'Live In Japan Vol. 1'.
'Live In Japan Vol. 1' is the same as 'Coltrane In Japan'.
The second 2-CD set is titled 'Live In Japan Vol. 2'.
'Live In Japan Vol. 2' is the same as 'Second Night In Tokyo'.
The US 4-CD edition includes both 'Live In Japan Vol. 1' and 'Live In Japan Vol. 2'.
The US 4-CD edition has identical mastering from the original mono tapes.
The side six interview from 'Second Night In Tokyo' has never been reissued on any CD edition.
Chrome, Smoke & BBQ is a box set by the American blues-rock band ZZ Top.
Chrome, Smoke & BBQ was released in 2003.
At the time of release, Chrome, Smoke & BBQ was notable for using the original mixes for all of the tracks from ZZ Top's first five albums.
This was the first time the original mixes were available on the CD format.
Chrome, Smoke & BBQ and the companion release Rancho Texicano were the only two CD releases which featured original mixes from ZZ Top's First Album.
Chrome, Smoke & BBQ and the companion release Rancho Texicano were the only two CD releases which featured original mixes from Rio Grande Mud.
Chrome, Smoke & BBQ and the companion release Rancho Texicano were the only two CD releases which featured original mixes from Tejas.
The Best of ZZ Top was released in 1977.
The Best of ZZ Top features two tracks from Rio Grande Mud.
The Best of ZZ Top features one track from ZZ Top's First Album.
Tres Hombres was reissued in its original mix in 2006.
Fandango! was reissued in its original mix in 2006.
In 2013, Warner Brothers released the CD box set The Complete Studio Albums 1970-1990.
The Complete Studio Albums 1970-1990 includes the first ten ZZ Top studio albums.
All of the first ten ZZ Top studio albums included in The Complete Studio Albums 1970-1990 have the original mixes.
Back to Mono is a box set.
Back to Mono was released between 1958 and 1969.
Back to Mono is a compilation of the recorded work of record producer Phil Spector.
Phil Spector's recorded work was through the 1960s.
Back to Mono was released in 1991 by ABKCO.
The catalog number for Back to Mono is #7118-2.
The box set contains 4 compact discs or 5 vinyl LPs.
The first track of Back to Mono is 'To Know Him Is to Love Him.'
'To Know Him Is to Love Him' was released in 1958.
'To Know Him Is to Love Him' features Phil Spector performing as part of the group the Teddy Bears.
Back to Mono was initially a vinyl album-sized package.
The box contained a booklet with photographs.
The booklet contained complete song lyrics.
The booklet contained discographical information.
The booklet contained a reproduction of the essay on Phil Spector by Tom Wolfe.
The essay on Phil Spector by Tom Wolfe is titled 'The First Tycoon of Teen.'
The package also contained a small, round, red 'Back to Mono' pin.
Trash Box is a 5-CD box set of mid-1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock recordings.
The recordings in Trash Box are primarily by American bands.
Trash Box is similar to the earlier Pebbles Box.
Pebbles Box is a 5-LP box set.
Trash Box includes almost all of the same recordings as the Pebbles Box.
The recordings in Trash Box are in the same order as those in the Pebbles Box.
Trash Box includes numerous bonus tracks at the end of each disc.
The Trash Box collects the first five volumes of the CDs in the Pebbles series.
The CDs in the Pebbles series were released by AIP Records.
The Trash Box should not be confused with the 4 earlier CDs that were issued by ESD Records.
The tracks on the Trash Box differ significantly on all five discs compared to both the original Pebbles LPs and the later Pebbles CDs in the corresponding volumes.
The surf rock rarities on Pebbles, Volume 4 have been eschewed entirely in the Trash Box.
There are 109 tracks in the Trash Box, excluding the introduction and ending cuts.
There are 101 songs on the individual CDs.
There are 72 tracks in the Pebbles Box.
Most of the recordings on the Trash Box were released at some point on one of the individual Pebbles albums.
Several of the songs in the Trash Box have not appeared elsewhere in the Pebbles series.
One of these songs is the well-known hit I Fought the Law (but the Law Won) by the Bobby Fuller Four.
I Fought the Law (but the Law Won) is on Disc Four of the Trash Box.
I Fought the Law (but the Law Won) is also included in the Pebbles Box.
I Fought the Law (but the Law Won) replaces the much rarer Wine Wine Wine by Bobby Fuller.
Wine Wine Wine appears on Pebbles, Volume 2.
Mono Masters is a compilation album by the Beatles.
Mono Masters is an alternate, all-mono version of the album 'Past Masters'.
'Mono Masters' was originally a two-CD set.
'Mono Masters' was included as part of 'The Beatles in Mono' box set.
The premise of 'The Beatles in Mono' box set was to compile only Beatles material.
The Beatles material was released or prepared for release with a dedicated mono mix.
The box set excludes later material mixed and released only in stereo.
The box set excludes material whose mono version was simply created as an equal mix of the two channels of the stereo version.
As a result, the track listing for 'Mono Masters' differs from 'Past Masters' on the second half of disc two.
The track listing for 'Mono Masters' omits some later songs that never had a mono mix.
The later songs that were omitted include 'Old Brown Shoe', 'The Ballad of John and Yoko', and 'Let It Be'.
The track listing for 'Mono Masters' adds several songs released on stereo-only albums.
The added songs had unreleased mono mixes.
Tracks 9–12 and 15 were prepared in March 1969 for release as a 7' mono 'Yellow Submarine' EP.
The 7' mono 'Yellow Submarine' EP was prepared two months after the release of the similarly titled soundtrack album.
The project for the 7' mono 'Yellow Submarine' EP was scrapped.
The 7' mono 'Yellow Submarine' EP was mastered.
Subsequently, the tracks were only released in stereo.
The tracks were also released in an electronically produced mono mixdown, or 'fold-down', of the stereo mix.
The true mono mixes of the tracks remained unreleased.
'Get Back' was the final Beatles single mixed for mono format.
'Get Back' had a B-side titled 'Don't Let Me Down'.
'Get Back' was released in the UK in mono.
'Get Back' was released in the US in stereo.
Thus, the songs that were originally released on stereo singles in the UK are omitted on this release.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky was a Soviet statesman.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky was born on August 12, 1892.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky was born in the Julian calendar on July 31, 1892.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky died on August 27, 1925.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky joined the Bolsheviks during his years as a student in the medical faculty of Kiev University.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky graduated from Kiev University in 1916.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky was immediately drafted into the army after graduating.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky served as a doctor in the army.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky became prominent in the clandestine military organizations of the Bolsheviks.
At the time of the October Revolution, Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky was a member of the Military Revolutionary Committee of the Petrograd Soviet.
Leon Trotsky met Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky in November.
Leon Trotsky was impressed with Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky's 'great creative élan combined with concentrated attention to detail.'
Leon Trotsky appointed Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky as his deputy on the Revolutionary Military Council.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky served with distinction during the Russian Civil War from 1918 to 1920.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky helped improve the fighting condition of the Red Army.
Leon Trotsky called Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky the Carnot of the Russian Revolution.
In 1924, Grigory Zinoviev's ally Mikhail Frunze took over Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky's position as Trotsky's deputy.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky was made chairman of the Mossukno state textile trust.
In May 1925, Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky left on a tour of Germany, France, and the United States to acquire technical information.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky died in a boating accident on Long Lake in New York.
Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky died along with the first head of Amtorg Trading Corporation.
Boris Bazhanov was a high-ranking Soviet defector.
Boris Bazhanov was convinced that Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky had been drowned on Joseph Stalin's orders.
Boris Bazhanov believed that the alleged accident had been organized by Genrikh Yagoda.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev is a former Soviet statesman.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev was born on 2 March 1931.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev was the eighth and last leader of the Soviet Union.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev served as General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1985 until 1991.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev was the head of state of the Soviet Union from 1988 until 1991.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev was titled as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet from 1988 to 1989.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev was titled as Chairman of the Soviet Union from 1989 to 1990.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev was titled as head of state of the Soviet Union from 1990 to 1991.
Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny was a Soviet statesman during the Cold War.
Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny was born on 18 February 1903 according to the Gregorian calendar.
Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny was born on 5 February 1903 according to the Julian calendar.
Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny died on 11 January 1983.
Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny served as First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine from 1957 to 1963.
Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny served as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet from 1965 to 1977.
Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny was replaced as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet in 1977 by Leonid Brezhnev.
Leonid Brezhnev was the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
In 1977, Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny lost his seat in the Political Bureau (Politburo).
In 1977, Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny was forced to resign from active politics.
David Jonathan Waksberg was born on December 14, 1956 in New York City.
David Jonathan Waksberg was a leading activist in the Soviet Jewry Movement during the 1980s and early 1990s.
In the 1970s, David Jonathan Waksberg became involved in the Student Struggle for Soviet Jewry.
In the early 1980s, David Jonathan Waksberg moved to California.
David Jonathan Waksberg began working for the Bay Area Council for Soviet Jews.
David Jonathan Waksberg first served as Assistant Director of the Bay Area Council for Soviet Jews.
David Jonathan Waksberg later served as Executive Director of the Bay Area Council for Soviet Jews.
David Jonathan Waksberg initiated public and political activities on behalf of Soviet Jewry.
David Jonathan Waksberg supervised research and monitoring of the welfare of Soviet Jewry.
David Jonathan Waksberg coordinated financial, medical, and legal aid to Refuseniks and Prisoners of Conscience trapped in the Soviet Union.
David Jonathan Waksberg organized numerous protest demonstrations and vigils to raise public awareness of the plight of Jews in the USSR.
In 1985, David Jonathan Waksberg became National Vice-President of BACSJ's umbrella organization, the Union of Councils for Soviet Jews.
David Jonathan Waksberg frequently visited Jewish communities in the Soviet Union and the Former Soviet states.
David Jonathan Waksberg coordinated briefings of American travelers interested in visiting Jewish communities in the Soviet Union and the Former Soviet states.
In 1990, David Jonathan Waksberg took on the role of Director of the Center for Jewish Renewal.
The Center for Jewish Renewal was newly established by the Union of Councils for Soviet Jews.
The mission of the Center for Jewish Renewal was to promote the renewal and development of Jewish life in the USSR.
The mission of the Center for Jewish Renewal included the emigration rights, human rights, and resettlement needs of Jews in the Former Soviet Union.
The Center for Jewish Renewal established a network of human rights and emigration bureaus in major cities of the Former Soviet Union.
In the mid-1990s, David Jonathan Waksberg was a member of the Bay Area Council's Board of Directors.
David Jonathan Waksberg served as Director of Development and Communication of the Union of Councils for Soviet Jews.
Since 2007, David Jonathan Waksberg has served as Executive Director of the Bureau of Jewish Education of San Francisco.
The Feliks Dzerzhinskiy is a Valerian Kuybyshev-class Soviet/Russian river cruise ship.
The Feliks Dzerzhinskiy cruises in the Volga basin.
The Feliks Dzerzhinskiy was built by Slovenské Lodenice at their shipyard in Komárno, Czechoslovakia.
The Feliks Dzerzhinskiy entered service in 1978.
The Feliks Dzerzhinskiy was named after the Soviet statesman Felix Dzerzhinsky.
Felix Dzerzhinsky is also known by the alias Iron Felix.
The Feliks Dzerzhinskiy has a weight of 3,935 tonnes.
The Feliks Dzerzhinskiy is one of the world's biggest river cruise ships.
The sister ships of the Feliks Dzerzhinskiy are Valerian Kuybyshev, Mikhail Frunze, Fyodor Shalyapin, Sergey Kuchkin, Mstislav Rostropovich, Aleksandr Suvorov, Semyon Budyonnyy, and Georgiy Zhukov.
The Feliks Dzerzhinskiy is currently operated by Vodohod.
Vodohod is a Russian river cruise line.
The home port of the Feliks Dzerzhinskiy is currently Nizhny Novgorod.
Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko was a Soviet statesman.
Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko was active from the start to the end of the Cold War.
Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko was born on 8 September 1906.
The birth date of Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko corresponds to 26 August 1906 in the Old Style calendar.
Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko was born at Alexeyevka in Belgorod Oblast.
Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko was born to a Ukrainian working-class family.
Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko graduated from a local vocational school in the 1920s.
Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko graduated from the Rybinsk Aviation Technology Institute in the mid-to-late 1930s.
Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko became a member of the All-Union Communist Party (bolsheviks) in 1930.
Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko climbed up the Soviet hierarchy through the 'industrial ladder'.
By the 1960s, Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko was Vice-Chairman of the Bureau of the Central Committee of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR).
After Nikita Khrushchev's forced resignation, Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko became Leonid Brezhnev's 'chief lieutenant' within the Central Committee.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan was born on 25 November 1895.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan died on 21 October 1978.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan was an Old Bolshevik.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan was a Soviet statesman.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan served during the mandates of Lenin.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan served during the mandates of Stalin.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan served during the mandates of Khrushchev.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan served during the mandates of Brezhnev.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan was the only Soviet politician who managed to remain at the highest levels of power within the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
The power within the Communist Party of the Soviet Union oscillated between the Central Committee and the Politburo.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan remained at the highest levels of power from the latter days of Lenin's rule.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan remained at the highest levels of power throughout the eras of Stalin and Khrushchev.
Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan had a peaceful retirement after the first months of Brezhnev's rule.
MS Excelsior Neptune was an ocean liner.
MS Excelsior Neptune was originally named Feliks Dzerzhinskiy.
MS Excelsior Neptune was owned by the Soviet Union's Black Sea Shipping Company.
MS Excelsior Neptune was built in 1958.
MS Excelsior Neptune was built by VEB Mathias-Thesen Werft.
VEB Mathias-Thesen Werft is located in Wismar, East Germany.
MS Excelsior Neptune was one of the Mikhail Kalinin series of ships.
Feliks Dzerzhinskiy was named after Felix Dzerzhinsky.
Felix Dzerzhinskiy was a Soviet statesman.
Felix Dzerzhinskiy was the founder of the Soviet secret police, known as Cheka.
Sergo Anastasi Mikoyan was born on June 5, 1929.
Sergo Anastasi Mikoyan died on March 7, 2010.
Sergo Anastasi Mikoyan was one of the Soviet Union's leading historians.
Sergo Anastasi Mikoyan specialized in the foreign policies of the Soviet Union in Latin America.
Sergo Anastasi Mikoyan specialized in the foreign policies of the United States in Latin America.
Anastas Mikoyan was the father of Sergo Anastasi Mikoyan.
Anastas Mikoyan was an Old Bolshevik.
Anastas Mikoyan was a high level Soviet statesman.
Anastas Mikoyan was an adviser to Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev.
Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov was a Soviet statesman during the Cold War.
Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov was born on 21 November 1902.
Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov died on 25 January 1982.
Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov served as Second Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1965.
Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov served as unofficial Chief Ideologue of the Communist Party until his death in 1982.
Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov was responsible for party democracy within the Communist Party.
Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov was responsible for the power separation within the Communist Party.
Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov had a hardline attitude toward change.
Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov was one of the foremost anti-reformist Soviet leaders.
Silene menziesii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family.
Silene menziesii is known by the common names Menzies' campion and Menzies' catchfly.
Silene menziesii is native to western North America.
Silene menziesii is found from Alaska through the western half of Canada to the southwestern United States.
Silene menziesii can be found in many types of habitat.
Silene menziesii is quite common in much of its range.
Silene menziesii is variable in morphology.
There are a number of varied subtaxa of Silene menziesii.
Silene menziesii is a perennial herb.
Silene menziesii grows from a caudex.
Silene menziesii appears matlike, decumbent, or erect.
The stems of Silene menziesii are a few centimeters to over half a meter long.
Silene menziesii is usually hairy in texture.
The upper parts of Silene menziesii bear sticky glandular hairs.
The leaves of Silene menziesii are lance-shaped.
The leaves of Silene menziesii are oppositely arranged in pairs.
The leaves of Silene menziesii are a few centimeters in length.
The upper leaves of Silene menziesii are usually smaller than the lower leaves.
Flowers of Silene menziesii may occur in a cyme at the top of the stem.
Flowers of Silene menziesii may occur in leaf axils.
Flowers of Silene menziesii may occur in both a cyme at the top of the stem and in leaf axils.
Each flower of Silene menziesii is encapsulated in a hairy, veined calyx of fused sepals.
The petals of Silene menziesii are white with two lobes at the tips.
Silene menziesii is dioecious.
Male and female plants of Silene menziesii produce different flowers.
The male and female flower types of Silene menziesii look the same externally.
The stamens are reduced in female plants of Silene menziesii.
The stigmas are reduced in male plants of Silene menziesii.
Silene stenophylla is a species of flowering plant.
Silene stenophylla belongs to the family Caryophyllaceae.
Silene stenophylla is commonly called narrow-leafed campion.
Silene stenophylla is a species in the genus Silene.
Silene stenophylla grows in the Arctic tundra of far eastern Siberia.
Silene stenophylla grows in the mountains of Northern Japan.
Frozen samples of Silene stenophylla were discovered in the same area as current living specimens.
The frozen samples of Silene stenophylla are estimated via radiocarbon dating to be around 32,000 years old.
In 2012, a team of scientists successfully regenerated a plant from the frozen samples of Silene stenophylla.
Silene tomentosa is the Gibraltar campion.
Silene tomentosa is a very rare flowering plant.
Silene tomentosa belongs to the genus Silene.
Silene tomentosa belongs to the family Caryophyllaceae.
Silene tomentosa is a woody-based perennial.
Silene tomentosa is about 40cm high.
Silene tomentosa has bilobed flowers.
The bilobed flowers of Silene tomentosa range from pink to pale violet.
Silene tomentosa is endemic to Gibraltar.
Silene oregana is a species of flowering plant in the pink family.
Silene oregana is known by the common names Oregon silene, Oregon campion, and Oregon catchfly.
Silene oregana is native to the western United States.
Silene oregana is found in the Great Basin.
Silene oregana grows in habitats such as sagebrush and forests.
Silene oregana is a perennial herb.
Silene oregana grows from a woody caudex and taproot.
Silene oregana sends up an erect, mostly unbranched stem.
The stem of Silene oregana may be 70 centimeters tall.
The lance-shaped leaves of Silene oregana are up to 8 centimeters long around the caudex.
The leaves of Silene oregana are shorter farther up the stem.
Flowers of Silene oregana occur in a terminal cyme.
Flowers of Silene oregana sometimes occur in leaf axils.
Each flower of Silene oregana is encapsulated in a hairy, glandular calyx of fused sepals.
The five petals of each flower of Silene oregana are creamy white or pink-tinged in color.
Each petal of Silene oregana has four to six long, fringelike lobes at the tip.
Silene noctiflora is a species of flowering plant in the pink family.
Silene noctiflora is known by the common names night-flowering catchfly, nightflowering silene, and clammy cockle.
Silene noctiflora is native to Eurasia.
Silene noctiflora is known on other continents as an introduced species.
Silene noctiflora is sometimes considered a weed.
In North America, Silene noctiflora is a common weed of grain crops.
Silene noctiflora is common in the Canadian prairie provinces.
Silene noctiflora is common in much of the United States.
Silene noctiflora grows in fields.
Silene noctiflora grows in other disturbed habitat.
Silene are a flowering plant.
Silene evolved a dioecious reproductive system.
The dioecious reproductive system of Silene is made possible through heteromorphic sex chromosomes.
The heteromorphic sex chromosomes of Silene are expressed as XY.
Silene recently evolved sex chromosomes 5-10 million years ago.
Silene are widely used by geneticists and biologists to study the mechanisms of sex determination.
Silene are one of only 39 species across 14 families of angiosperm that possess sex-determining genes.
Silene are studied because of their ability to produce offspring with a plethora of reproductive systems.
The common inference drawn from studies of Silene is that the sex of the offspring is determined by the Y chromosome.
Silene conoidea is a species of flowering plant in the pink family.
Silene conoidea is known by the common names weed silene and large sand catchfly.
Silene conoidea is native to Eurasia.
Silene conoidea is known in other parts of the world as a weed.
Silene conoidea is known in western North America as a weed.
Silene conoidea is an annual herb.
Silene conoidea can grow up to a meter in height.
Silene conoidea has a hairy, partially glandular stem.
The lance-shaped leaves of Silene conoidea are up to 12 centimeters long near the base of the plant.
The lance-shaped leaves of Silene conoidea are smaller farther up the plant.
The flower of Silene conoidea is enclosed in an inflated, hairy, glandular calyx of fused sepals.
The calyx of Silene conoidea is ridged with many veins.
The flower of Silene conoidea is open at the top.
The flower of Silene conoidea reveals five bright pink petals.
Silene antirrhina is a species of flowering plant in the pink family.
Silene antirrhina is known by the common names sleepy silene and sleepy catchfly.
Silene antirrhina is native to the Americas.
Silene antirrhina is widespread throughout North America.
Silene antirrhina is widespread throughout parts of South America.
Silene antirrhina is known in Europe as an introduced species.
Silene suksdorfii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family.
Silene suksdorfii is known by the common names Suksdorf's silene, Suksdorf's catchfly, and Cascade alpine campion.
Silene suksdorfii is native to the Pacific Northwest of the United States.
Silene suksdorfii occurs from Washington and Idaho to northern California.
Silene suksdorfii is mainly an alpine species.
Silene suksdorfii grows in the talus of high mountain slopes.
Silene suksdorfii can also be found below the tree line in forested subalpine habitat.
Silene suksdorfii is a squat perennial herb.
Silene suksdorfii produces several erect stems from a leafy, woody caudex.
Silene suksdorfii generally takes a clumpy form.
The stems of Silene suksdorfii grow up to 10 or 15 centimeters tall.
The stems of Silene suksdorfii are hairy in texture.
The upper parts of the stems of Silene suksdorfii have glandular, sticky areas.
The leaves of Silene suksdorfii occur in tufts around the caudex.
The leaves of Silene suksdorfii are fleshy.
The leaves of Silene suksdorfii are coated in soft hairs.
Solitary flowers arise on erect peduncles from Silene suksdorfii.
Each flower of Silene suksdorfii is encapsulated in an inflated calyx of fused sepals.
The calyx of Silene suksdorfii is starkly purple-veined.
The calyx of Silene suksdorfii has purplish glandular hairs.
The petals of Silene suksdorfii are white or purple-tinged.
The petals of Silene suksdorfii have two lobes at their tips.
The petals of Silene suksdorfii have appendages at their bases.
Silene latifolia is a flowering plant.
Silene latifolia was formerly known as Melandrium album.
Silene latifolia is a dioecious flowering plant.
Silene latifolia belongs to the family Caryophyllaceae.
Silene latifolia is native to most of Europe.
Silene latifolia is native to Western Asia.
Silene latifolia is native to Northern Africa.
Silene latifolia is a herbaceous annual plant.
Silene latifolia is occasionally a biennial plant.
Silene latifolia is a short-lived perennial plant.
Silene latifolia grows to between 40-80 centimetres tall.
Silene latifolia is also known in the USA as bladder campion.
Silene latifolia should not be confused with Silene vulgaris.
Silene vulgaris is more generally called Bladder Campion.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 was a three-engined Italian medium bomber.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 had a wood-and-metal structure.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 was originally designed as a fast passenger aircraft.
Between 1937 and 1939, the Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 set 26 world records.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 qualified for some time as the fastest medium bomber in the world.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 first saw action during the Spanish Civil War.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 flew on all fronts in which Italy was involved during World War II.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 achieved success as a torpedo bomber in the Mediterranean theater.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 became the best-known Italian aeroplane of World War II.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 was easily recognizable due to its distinctive fuselage dorsal 'hump'.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 was well liked by its crews.
The crews of the Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 nicknamed it 'il gobbo maledetto'.
'Il gobbo maledetto' translates to 'damned hunchback' in English.
The Tupolev Tu-12 was an experimental Soviet jet-powered medium bomber.
The development designation of the Tupolev Tu-12 was Tu-77.
The Tupolev Tu-12 was developed from the successful piston-engined Tupolev Tu-2 bomber.
The Tupolev Tu-2 bomber was developed after the end of World War II.
The Tupolev Tu-12 was designed as a transitional aircraft.
The purpose of the Tupolev Tu-12 was to familiarize Tupolev and the VVS with the issues involved with jet-engined bombers.
South West Pacific Area was the name given to the Allied supreme military command in the South West Pacific Theatre of World War II.
The South West Pacific Area was one of four major Allied commands in the Pacific War.
The South West Pacific Area included the Philippines.
The South West Pacific Area included Borneo.
The South West Pacific Area included the Dutch East Indies excluding Sumatra.
The South West Pacific Area included East Timor.
The South West Pacific Area included Australia.
The South West Pacific Area included the Territories of Papua and New Guinea.
The South West Pacific Area included the western part of the Solomon Islands.
The South West Pacific Area primarily consisted of United States forces.
The South West Pacific Area primarily consisted of Australian forces.
Dutch forces also served in the South West Pacific Area.
Filipino forces also served in the South West Pacific Area.
British forces also served in the South West Pacific Area.
Other Allied forces also served in the South West Pacific Area.
The Asiatic-Pacific Theater was the theater of operations of U.S. forces during World War II in the Pacific War during 1941-45.
From mid-1942 until the end of the war in 1945, there were two U.S. operational commands in the Pacific.
The Pacific Ocean Areas were divided into the Central Pacific Area, the North Pacific Area, and the South Pacific Area.
The Pacific Ocean Areas were commanded by Admiral Chester W. Nimitz.
Admiral Chester W. Nimitz held the title of Commander-in-Chief Pacific Ocean Areas.
The South West Pacific Area was commanded by General Douglas MacArthur.
General Douglas MacArthur held the title of Supreme Allied Commander South West Pacific Area.
During 1945, the United States added the United States Strategic Air Forces in the Pacific.
The United States Strategic Air Forces in the Pacific were commanded by General Carl A. Spaatz.
The Coastwatchers were Allied military intelligence operatives.
The Coastwatchers were also known as the Coast Watch Organisation.
The Coastwatchers were also known as the Combined Field Intelligence Service.
The Coastwatchers were also known as Section C.
The Coastwatchers were also known as the Allied Intelligence Bureau.
The Coastwatchers were stationed on remote Pacific islands during World War II.
The purpose of the Coastwatchers was to observe enemy movements.
The purpose of the Coastwatchers was to rescue stranded Allied personnel.
The Coastwatchers played a significant role in the Pacific Ocean theatre.
The Coastwatchers played a significant role in the South West Pacific theatre.
The Coastwatchers served particularly as an early warning network during the Guadalcanal campaign.
Edwin A. Doss was an American fighter pilot.
Edwin A. Doss was a commander in the U.S. Air Force during World War II.
Edwin A. Doss was a commander in the U.S. Air Force during the Korean War.
Edwin A. Doss was born on September 14, 1914.
Edwin A. Doss died on January 7, 1996.
Edwin A. Doss logged more than 4,500 flying hours.
Edwin A. Doss flew 573 combat hours.
Edwin A. Doss accrued 280 combat missions during his leadership in the South West Pacific Theatre.
Edwin A. Doss accrued 280 combat missions during the Korean War.
Edwin A. Doss served as commander of the 35th Fighter Group during World War II for two years.
Edwin A. Doss was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his service as commander of the 35th Fighter Group during World War II.
Edwin A. Doss was awarded the Legion of Merit for his service as commander of the 35th Fighter Group during World War II.
Edwin A. Doss was awarded the Air Medal for his service as commander of the 35th Fighter Group during World War II.
Edwin A. Doss received his second Legion of Merit for his assignments as commander of the 49th Fighter Bomber Wing.
Edwin A. Doss received the Korean Ulchi medal with a Silver Star for his assignments as commander of the 49th Fighter Bomber Wing.
Edwin A. Doss served as commander of the 3rd Bomber Wing at Kunsan, Korea.
Colonel Edwin A. Doss’s service has been cited as integral to the development of long-range fighter tactics in the South West Pacific Theater.
No. 12 Squadron was a Royal Australian Air Force general purpose, bomber and transport squadron.
No. 12 Squadron was formed in 1939.
No. 12 Squadron saw combat in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.
From 1941 to 1943, No. 12 Squadron mainly conducted maritime patrols off northern Australia.
No. 12 Squadron was based at Merauke in western New Guinea from November 1943 to July 1944.
No. 12 Squadron was withdrawn from operations in July 1944.
After being re-equipped, No. 12 Squadron operated as a heavy bomber unit from February 1945 until the end of World War II.
No. 12 Squadron continued in the role of a heavy bomber unit until it was redesignated No. 1 Squadron RAAF in February 1948.
No. 12 Squadron was reformed in 1973 to operate transport helicopters.
No. 12 Squadron was disbanded in 1989.
The South West Pacific theatre was a major theatre of World War II.
The South West Pacific theatre was a theatre of the war between the Allies and Japan.
The South West Pacific theatre included the Philippines.
The South West Pacific theatre included the Dutch East Indies except for Sumatra.
The South West Pacific theatre included Borneo.
The South West Pacific theatre included Australia.
The South West Pacific theatre included its mandate Territory of New Guinea.
The mandate Territory of New Guinea included the Bismarck Archipelago.
The South West Pacific theatre included the western part of the Solomon Islands.
The area of the South West Pacific theatre was defined by the Allied powers' South West Pacific Area command.
The English Electric Canberra is a British first-generation jet-powered medium bomber.
The English Electric Canberra was manufactured during the 1950s.
The English Electric Canberra was developed by English Electric during the mid-to-late 1940s.
The development of the English Electric Canberra was in response to a 1944 Air Ministry requirement.
The 1944 Air Ministry requirement was for a successor to the wartime de Havilland Mosquito fast-bomber.
Amongst the performance requirements for the English Electric Canberra was the demand for an outstanding high altitude bombing capability.
Amongst the performance requirements for the English Electric Canberra was the demand for flying at high speeds.
The performance requirements for the English Electric Canberra were partly accomplished by making use of newly developed jet propulsion technology.
The Canberra was introduced to service with the Royal Air Force (RAF) in May 1951.
The Royal Air Force (RAF) was the type's first operator.
The Canberra became the Royal Air Force's (RAF) first jet-powered bomber aircraft.
No. 2 Squadron is a Royal Australian Air Force squadron.
No. 2 Squadron operates from RAAF Base Williamtown.
RAAF Base Williamtown is located near Newcastle, New South Wales.
No. 2 Squadron was formed in 1916 as part of the Australian Flying Corps.
No. 2 Squadron has flown a variety of aircraft types including fighters, bombers, and Airborne Early Warning & Control (AEW&C).
During World War I, No. 2 Squadron operated on the Western Front.
No. 2 Squadron conducted fighter sweeps during World War I.
No. 2 Squadron conducted ground-attack missions during World War I.
No. 2 Squadron was disbanded in mid-1919 following the end of hostilities.
No. 2 Squadron was briefly re-raised in 1922 as part of the newly independent Royal Australian Air Force.
No. 2 Squadron was disbanded after only a couple of months in 1922.
No. 2 Squadron was not reformed until 1937.
No. 2 Squadron saw action as a bomber unit in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.
No. 2 Squadron was equipped with English Electric Canberra jets during the Malayan Emergency.
No. 2 Squadron was equipped with English Electric Canberra jets during the Vietnam War.
No. 2 Squadron was again disbanded in 1982 following the retirement of the Canberra.
No. 2 Squadron was re-formed in 2000 to operate the Boeing 737 AEW&C 'Wedgetail'.
One of the six Boeing 737s operated by No. 2 Squadron was deployed to the Middle East in September 2014.
The deployment of one of the six Boeing 737s was part of Australia's contribution to the military coalition against ISIS.
The 2012 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado Boulder during the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
Jon Embree was the second-year head coach of the 2012 Colorado Buffaloes football team.
Jon Embree was an alumnus of the University of Colorado Boulder.
The Buffaloes played their home games on-campus at Folsom Field in Boulder.
The Buffaloes were members of the Pac-12 Conference.
On November 25, 2012, Jon Embree was fired as head coach of the 2012 Colorado Buffaloes football team.
Jon Embree compiled a 4–21 record as head coach of the 2012 Colorado Buffaloes football team.
Jon Embree had a record of 1–11 in his final year as head coach.
The final year of Jon Embree as head coach was the worst year in the history of Colorado Buffaloes football.
The 2016–17 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team represented the University of Colorado in the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2016–17 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team was led by head coach Tad Boyle.
Tad Boyle was in his seventh season at the University of Colorado.
The Colorado Buffaloes played their home games at Coors Events Center in Boulder, Colorado.
The Colorado Buffaloes were members of the Pac-12 Conference.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished the season with a record of 19–15.
The Colorado Buffaloes had a record of 8–10 in Pac-12 play.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished in seventh place in the Pac-12 Conference.
The Colorado Buffaloes defeated Washington State in the first round of the Pac-12 Tournament.
The victory over Washington State allowed the Colorado Buffaloes to advance to the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament.
The Colorado Buffaloes lost to Arizona in the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament.
The Colorado Buffaloes were invited to the National Invitation Tournament.
The Colorado Buffaloes lost in the first round of the National Invitation Tournament to UCF.
The 2015–16 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team represented the University of Colorado in the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
Tad Boyle was the head coach of the Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team.
This was Tad Boyle's sixth season as head coach at the University of Colorado.
The Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team played their home games at Coors Events Center in Boulder, Colorado.
The Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team were members of the Pac-12 Conference.
The Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team finished the season with a record of 22–12.
The Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team had a record of 10–8 in Pac-12 play.
The Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team finished in fifth place in the Pac-12 Conference.
The Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team defeated Washington State in the first round of the Pac-12 Tournament.
The victory over Washington State allowed the Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team to advance to the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament.
The Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team lost to Arizona in the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament.
The Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament.
The Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team lost in the first round of the NCAA Tournament to Connecticut.
The 2014 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder during the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
Mike MacIntyre was the second-year head coach of the Colorado Buffaloes football team.
The Colorado Buffaloes played their home games on-campus at Folsom Field in Boulder.
The Colorado Buffaloes were members of the South Division of the Pac-12 Conference.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished the season with a record of 2–10.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished with a record of 0–9 in Pac-12 play.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished in last place in the South Division.
The 2015 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder during the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
Mike MacIntyre was the third-year head coach of the Colorado Buffaloes football team.
The Colorado Buffaloes played their home games on-campus at Folsom Field in Boulder.
The Colorado Buffaloes were members of the South Division of the Pac-12 Conference.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished the season with a record of 4–9.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished with a record of 1–8 in Pac-12 play.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished in last place in the South Division.
The 1989 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder during the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished with the most wins in school history.
The Colorado Buffaloes surpassed the 1971 team in terms of wins.
The Colorado Buffaloes won their first conference championship since 1976.
The Colorado Buffaloes played for the national title.
The Colorado Buffaloes lost to Notre Dame in the Orange Bowl.
The Colorado Buffaloes dedicated the season to Sal Aunese.
Sal Aunese was a senior and former starting quarterback.
Sal Aunese was diagnosed with stomach cancer in February.
Sal Aunese died on September 23 due to complications from stomach cancer.
The 2013 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder during the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The 2013 Colorado Buffaloes football team was led by first-year head coach Mike MacIntyre.
The Buffaloes played their home games on-campus at Folsom Field in Boulder.
The Buffaloes were members of the Pac-12 Conference.
Head coach Mike MacIntyre was hired after the firing of Jon Embree.
Jon Embree was fired concluding the 2012 season.
The 2011 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
Jon Embree was the first-year head coach of the 2011 Colorado Buffaloes football team.
Jon Embree was an alumnus of the University of Colorado at Boulder.
The Buffaloes played their home games on-campus at Folsom Field in Boulder.
The Buffaloes were first-year members of the newly expanded Pac-12 Conference.
The 2011 Colorado Buffaloes football team finished with a record of 3–10.
The 2011 Colorado Buffaloes football team had a record of 2–7 in Pac-12 play.
The 2011 Colorado Buffaloes football team was in a tie for last place in the South Division.
The 2014–15 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team represented the University of Colorado in the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
Tad Boyle was the head coach of the Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team.
2014–15 was Tad Boyle's fifth year as head coach at the University of Colorado.
The Colorado Buffaloes played their home games at the Coors Events Center in Boulder, Colorado.
The Colorado Buffaloes were members of the Pac-12 Conference.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished the season with a record of 16–18.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished with a record of 7–11 in Pac-12 play.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished in a three way tie for eighth place in the Pac-12 Conference.
The Colorado Buffaloes advanced to the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament.
The Colorado Buffaloes lost to Oregon in the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament.
The Colorado Buffaloes were invited to the College Basketball Invitational.
The Colorado Buffaloes defeated Gardner–Webb in the first round of the College Basketball Invitational.
The Colorado Buffaloes lost in the second round of the College Basketball Invitational to Seattle.
The 2010 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The 2010 Colorado Buffaloes football team was coached by Dan Hawkins for the first nine games.
Dan Hawkins was the fifth-year head coach of the 2010 Colorado Buffaloes football team.
The 2010 Colorado Buffaloes football team was coached by Brian Cabral for the final three games.
Brian Cabral was the interim head coach of the 2010 Colorado Buffaloes football team.
The 2010 Colorado Buffaloes football team played their home games at Folsom Field.
The 2010 season was the final season for the Colorado Buffaloes as members of the Big 12 Conference in the North Division.
The Colorado Buffaloes joined the Pac-12 Conference for the 2011 season.
The Colorado Buffaloes failed to qualify for a bowl game.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished the 2010 season with a record of 5–7.
The Colorado Buffaloes finished the 2010 season with a record of 2–6 in Big 12 play.
John A. Brown was an Oklahoman department store chain.
John A. Brown operated under that name from 1932.
The founder of John A. Brown bought out its predecessor in 1932.
The founder of John A. Brown renamed the chain for himself.
Mr. Brown died in 1940.
After Mr. Brown died, his widow took over management.
Mr. Brown's widow managed the chain until her own death in 1967.
The death of Mr. Brown's widow in 1967 forced a change in ownership.
Dayton-Hudson was another retail company.
Dayton-Hudson continued operating the Brown chain under its own name.
Dayton-Hudson operated the Brown chain until 1984.
In 1984, Dayton-Hudson sold the Brown chain to Dillard's.
Dillard's was another national chain.
Dillard's combined all of the Brown stores under its own name.
The flagship store of the Brown chain was located on West Main Street.
The flagship store on West Main Street was closed in 1974.
The flagship store was subsequently razed as part of an urban renewal project.
The urban renewal project was supposed to result in a new shopping center known as the Galleria.
The urban renewal project was never completed.
The Brown chain never returned to downtown due to the incomplete project.
SavaCentre was a chain of 13 hypermarkets.
SavaCentre later included a further seven discount supermarkets.
SavaCentre was owned and operated jointly by Sainsbury's and BHS.
SavaCentre began in 1977.
Sainsbury's took full control of the SavaCentre stores alone in 1989.
Sainsbury's rebranded the stores as Sainsbury’s SavaCentre.
The rebranding occurred until 2005.
In 2005, the stores were integrated into the Sainsbury's supermarket brand.
The hypermarket stores ranged in size from 66,000 sqft to 117,000 sqft.
The discount supermarkets ranged in size from 31,000 sqft to 70,000 sqft.
At the time of its inception, SavaCentre was the only dedicated hypermarket chain in the UK.
Uno-X is a chain of unmanned fuel stations throughout Norway.
Uno-X is a chain of unmanned fuel stations throughout Denmark.
Uno-X is operated as the low-cost section of YX Energi.
The Uno-X chain was originally created as a low-cost chain in Denmark in the late 1950s.
The rights to use the name Uno-X in Sweden were sold to Britain's Burmah Oil.
In 1991, Norsk Hydro acquired the 330 outlets of the Danish operation of Uno-X.
In 1996, Norsk Hydro bought the Swedish Uno-X chain from Burmah Oil.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area is a resort hotel.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area is located on the property of Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area is near the Disney Springs district on Hotel Plaza Boulevard.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area opened in February 1973 as a Howard Johnson's.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area was expanded in 1978.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area remained part of the Howard Johnson's chain until 1994.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area was bought by Host Marriott Corporation in 1995.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area operated as a Courtyard by Marriott hotel until 2003.
Holiday Inn bought Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area in December 2003.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area closed on August 14, 2004 after Hurricane Charley caused extensive damage.
Hurricane Charley blew through Florida and caused extensive damage to Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area was owned by CIG LBV LLC when it reopened on February 12, 2010.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area stayed under the Holiday Inn brand, part of the InterContinental Hotels Group PLC, when it reopened.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area reopened after a reportedly $35 million renovation.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area was sold on December 9, 2016.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area has been operated and managed by Interstate Hotels & Resorts since December 9, 2016.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area still operates under the Holiday Inn brand.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area has 323 rooms.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area has a heated swimming pool.
Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area has a hot tub.
Certain areas of Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area have a view of the Disney Springs area.
Certain areas of Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area have a view of the rest of the Walt Disney World Resort.
Tesco Extra is a chain of mainly out-of-town hypermarkets.
Tesco Extra is owned and operated by Tesco.
Tesco is the largest retailer in the United Kingdom.
Tazweed Center is a chain of hypermarkets.
Tazweed Center is independently owned and operated.
Tazweed Center operates in the Syrian refugee camps.
The word 'tazweed' translates as 'resupply'.
Euromarché was a French hypermarket chain.
The first store of Euromarché opened in 1968 in Saint-Michel-sur-Orge.
In June 1991, Carrefour was the rival that rebought the group Euromarché.
Carrefour rebought the group Euromarché for 5.2 billion francs.
Selver is a chain of supermarkets and hypermarkets.
Selver operates in Estonia.
Selver is a subsidiary of Tallinna Kaubamaja.
The chain of Selver was established in 1995.
The opening of Punane Selver in Lasnamäe, Tallinn marked the establishment of Selver.
Expansion outside of Tallinn began on 10 May 2002.
The opening of Mai Selver in Pärnu marked the beginning of expansion outside of Tallinn.
Since 18 December 2008, Selver also operated in Latvia.
In the end of 2009, Selver was forced to close all its 6 supermarkets in Latvia due to the financial crisis.
There are currently 44 stores of Selver in operation all over Estonia as of December 2014.
Carrefour S.A. is a French multinational retailer.
Carrefour S.A. is headquartered in Boulogne Billancourt, France.
Boulogne Billancourt is located in the Hauts-de-Seine Department near Paris.
Carrefour S.A. is one of the largest hypermarket chains in the world.
Carrefour S.A. had 1,462 hypermarkets at the end of 2016.
Carrefour S.A. operates in more than 30 countries.
Carrefour S.A. operates in Europe.
Carrefour S.A. operates in the Americas.
Carrefour S.A. operates in Asia.
Carrefour S.A. operates in Africa.
The word 'Carrefour' means 'crossroads' in French.
The word 'Carrefour' means 'public square' in French.
Carrefour S.A. is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
Lewis's was a chain of British department stores.
Lewis's operated from 1856 to 2010.
The parent companies of Lewis's have gone into administration many times over the years.
The parent companies of Lewis's went into administration in 1991.
The first store opened in Liverpool city centre.
The first store became the flagship of the chain of stores operating under the Lewis's name.
Several stores in the Lewis's chain were bought in 1991 by the company Owen Owen.
The stores bought by Owen Owen continued to operate under the Lewis's brand name for several years.
The Manchester store closed in 2002.
Only the original Liverpool store continued to trade under the Lewis's name after the closure of the Manchester store.
The original Liverpool store was sold in 2007 to Vergo Retail Ltd.
The original Liverpool store closed in 2010.
The Carolina Dodge Dealers 400 was the annual spring NASCAR Sprint Cup race.
The Carolina Dodge Dealers 400 was held at Darlington Raceway.
Darlington Raceway is located in Darlington, South Carolina, USA.
A 100 mi race was held at Darlington Raceway in May 1952.
The event did not become a regular one on the NASCAR schedule until 1957.
The event became a regular one on the NASCAR schedule as a 300 mi race in the Convertible Division.
The 300 mi race in the Convertible Division was known as the Rebel 300.
In 1966, the race was expanded to 400 mi.
In 1973, the race was expanded to 500 mi.
In 1994, the race was returned to 400 miles.
In 2005, Darlington was forced to contract to one race date as part of the settlement of the Ferko lawsuit.
The contraction of Darlington to one race date was also part of a schedule realignment.
The 500 mile race, known as the famous Southern 500, moved to Mother's Day weekend.
The 400 mile race was eliminated.
Dodge's sponsorship was transferred to the 500 miler.
John Sherman 'Johnny' Rutherford III was born on March 12, 1938.
John Sherman 'Johnny' Rutherford III is also known as 'Lone Star JR'.
John Sherman 'Johnny' Rutherford III is an American former automobile racing driver.
John Sherman 'Johnny' Rutherford III is one of ten drivers to win the prestigious Indianapolis 500 mile race at least three times.
John Sherman 'Johnny' Rutherford III won the Indianapolis 500 mile race in 1974.
John Sherman 'Johnny' Rutherford III won the Indianapolis 500 mile race in 1976.
John Sherman 'Johnny' Rutherford III won the Indianapolis 500 mile race in 1980.
The 1964 Armstrong 500 was a production car race.
The 1964 Armstrong 500 was held on 4 October 1964.
The 1964 Armstrong 500 was held at the Mount Panorama Circuit.
The Mount Panorama Circuit is located just outside Bathurst in New South Wales, Australia.
The 1964 Armstrong 500 was a 500 mile race.
The 500 mile race was open to Australian built production sedans.
100 examples of Australian built production sedans had been registered for the race.
The 1964 Armstrong 500 was the fifth Armstrong 500.
The 1964 Armstrong 500 was the second Armstrong 500 to be held at Bathurst.
The 1964 Armstrong 500 is commonly referred to as the fifth 'Bathurst 500'.
Orange County Fair Speedway is a five-eighths mile dirt oval speedway.
Orange County Fair Speedway is located in Middletown, Orange County, New York.
The facility holds weekly stock car races during the summer months.
The facility holds demolition derbies during the summer months.
The track was built in 1857 for horse racing at the Orange County Fair.
The track staged its first automobile race on August 16, 1919.
The Orange County Fair began as an agricultural exhibit in 1843.
The Orange County Fair was permanently located in the Wallkill–Middletown area in 1857.
The speedway is located at 239 Wisner Avenue in Middletown.
The land where the speedway is located was known as The Ogden Tract in the mid-1850s.
The speedway was originally a half-mile horse racing track.
The original name of the speedway was the Harry Clay Oval.
The Harry Clay Oval was named after a race horse that was famous at that time.
Over the years, the track was widened and lengthened to a true 5/8-mile race track.
The Lean Horse Ultramarathon is run in August every year.
The Lean Horse Ultramarathon takes place in the Black Hills of South Dakota.
The Lean Horse Ultramarathon was first run in 2005.
The Lean Horse Ultramarathon features a 100-mile race.
The Lean Horse Ultramarathon features a 50-mile race.
The Lean Horse Ultramarathon features a 50-kilometer race.
Most of the course of the Lean Horse Ultramarathon is on the George S. Mickelson Trail.
The Lean Horse Ultramarathon was the 33rd sanctioned 100-mile race in the United States.
The Lean Horse Ultramarathon is known as one of the easiest hundred mile races in the country.
The Subway 400 was the second race of the NASCAR Winston Cup Series season until 2004.
The Subway 400 was held a week after the Daytona 500.
The Subway 400 is a 400-mile (644 km) annual race.
The Subway 400 was sponsored by Subway.
The Subway 400 was held at North Carolina Speedway.
North Carolina Speedway is also known as 'The Rock'.
The Subway 400 has been held at North Carolina Speedway since 1966.
From 1966 to 1995, a 500-mile (805-km) race was held.
The 500-mile race was known as the Peach Blossom 500 in 1966.
The 500-mile race was known as the Carolina 500 from 1967 to 1985.
The 500-mile race was known as the Goodwrench 500 from 1986 to 1995.
In 1996, the race was shortened to its current distance of 400 miles.
The 400-mile race was called the Goodwrench Service 400 from 1996 to 1997.
The 400-mile race was called the GM Goodwrench Service Plus 400 in 1998.
The 400-mile race was called the Dura Lube/Big K 400 in 1999.
The 400-mile race was called the Dura Lube/Kmart 400 in 2000.
The 400-mile race was called the Dura Lube 400 in 2001.
The 400-mile race was called the Subway 400 from 2002 to 2004.
The Louis Schwitzer Award is presented annually to an engineer.
The Louis Schwitzer Award is presented annually to a team of engineers.
The Louis Schwitzer Award is presented for excellence in the design of new motorsports technology concepts.
The Louis Schwitzer Award is presented for excellence in the development of new motorsports technology concepts.
The Louis Schwitzer Award is presented for excellence in the implementation of new motorsports technology concepts.
The new motorsports technology concepts are for use in the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race.
The focus of the Louis Schwitzer Award is on concepts that improve the performance of racing cars.
The focus of the Louis Schwitzer Award is on concepts that improve the safety of racing cars.
The focus of the Louis Schwitzer Award is on concepts that improve the energy efficiency of racing cars.
The focus of the Louis Schwitzer Award is on concepts that improve related components and systems.
The focus of the Louis Schwitzer Award is on concepts that improve driver support equipment.
The focus of the Louis Schwitzer Award is on concepts that improve race track support equipment.
Orange County Speedway is a 3/8 mile asphalt oval.
Orange County Speedway is located in Orange County, North Carolina.
Orange County Speedway is near Rougemont.
Orange County Speedway first opened in 1966.
Orange County Speedway originally operated as a 1/4 mile dirt oval.
Orange County Speedway originally operated as a 5/8 mile dirt oval.
Trico Speedway was the original name of Orange County Speedway.
Trico Speedway operated until 1967 as a 1/4 mile dirt oval.
Trico Speedway operated until 1973 as a 5/8 mile dirt oval.
The facility of Orange County Speedway was reopened and paved in 1983.
Orange County Speedway has a slogan of 'the fastest 3/8-mile race track in America.'
The oval of Orange County Speedway features 19 degree banking through the turns.
The oval of Orange County Speedway features 16 degrees of banking on the straightaways.
The banking creates three distinct grooves making for very fast turns.
The aluminum grandstands of Orange County Speedway stretch from Turn 4 to Turn 1.
The speedway closed in 2003.
Orange County Speedway reopened on March 11, 2006.
Orange County Speedway reopened as an American Speed Association member track.
Allison began in 1909.
James A. Allison helped found and build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 1909.
James A. Allison had three business partners.
Allison's new track held the first Indianapolis 500 mile race in 1911.
Jim Allison funded several race teams.
Jim Allison established his own racing team in 1915.
Jim Allison quickly gained a reputation for his work on race cars.
Jim Allison quickly gained a reputation for his work on automotive technology in general.
Bel Air Racetrack was a horse racing facility.
Bel Air Racetrack was located one mile north of Baltimore Pike.
Bel Air Racetrack was located east of Tollgate Road.
Bel Air Racetrack was located in Bel Air, Maryland.
The site of Bel Air Racetrack was 100 acres.
The site of Bel Air Racetrack was originally plotted in 1870.
The site of Bel Air Racetrack was improved and expanded in 1936.
Ray Bryson was the new owner who improved and expanded the site in 1936.
The improvements in 1936 included a 3/4 mile race track.
The improvements in 1936 included a new starting gate.
The improvements in 1936 included larger grandstands.
Bel Air Racetrack flourished until the 1940s.
The owners of Bel Air Racetrack became embroiled in political efforts to close the track in the 1940s.
Ray Bryson died in 1958.
The state legislature eventually prevailed after Ray Bryson died.
Bel Air Racetrack closed in 1960.
The property of Bel Air Racetrack is now the site of Harford Mall.
Jacopo Puccini was an 18th-century Italian composer.
Jacopo Puccini lived and worked primarily in Lucca, Tuscany.
Jacopo Puccini was the first of five generations of composers.
The most famous of the five generations of composers was Giacomo Puccini.
Giacomo Puccini was the great-great-grandson of Jacopo Puccini.
Giacomo Puccini was an opera composer.
La bohème is a 1988 Italian-French film of an opera.
La bohème is also known as 'La bohème de Puccini'.
Luigi Comencini directed La bohème.
La bohème is based on Giacomo Puccini's 'La bohème'.
Cesira Ferrani was born on May 8, 1863 in Turin.
Cesira Ferrani died on May 4, 1943 in Pollone.
Cesira Ferrani was an Italian operatic soprano.
Cesira Ferrani is best known for debuting two of the most iconic roles in opera history.
Cesira Ferrani debuted the role of Mimì in the original 1896 production of Giacomo Puccini's 'La bohème'.
Cesira Ferrani debuted the title role in Puccini's 'Manon Lescaut' in its 1893 world premiere.
Cesira Ferrani sang a wide repertoire.
The repertoire of Cesira Ferrani encompassed not only verismo opera.
The repertoire of Cesira Ferrani included the works of composers like Verdi.
The repertoire of Cesira Ferrani included the works of composers like Gounod.
The repertoire of Cesira Ferrani included the works of composers like Wagner.
The repertoire of Cesira Ferrani included the works of composers like Debussy.
La bohème is a 2008 Austrian-German film of an opera.
La bohème is also known as 'La bohème de Puccini'.
Robert Dornhelm is the director of La bohème.
La bohème is based on Giacomo Puccini's 'La bohème'.
Ron Bottcher was an American operatic baritone.
Ron Bottcher was born on 11 May 1940.
Ron Bottcher died on 12 April 1991.
Ron Bottcher was actively performing with both the New York City Opera and the Metropolitan Opera during the 1960s.
Ron Bottcher was a native of Sandpoint, Idaho.
Ron Bottcher earned music degrees from the University of Montana.
Ron Bottcher earned music degrees from the Curtis Institute of Music.
Ron Bottcher made his debut at the Santa Fe Opera in the summer of 1961.
Ron Bottcher portrayed the role of Leopold in Richard Strauss' 'Der Rosenkavalier'.
Ron Bottcher portrayed the role of Marcello in Giacomo Puccini's 'La bohème'.
Ron Bottcher portrayed the role of the Head waiter in Paul Hindemith's 'Neues vom Tage'.
Ron Bottcher's roles at the New York City Opera included Escamillo in Georges Bizet's 'Carmen'.
Ron Bottcher's roles at the New York City Opera included Sharpless in Puccini's 'Madama Butterfly'.
Ron Bottcher created roles in the world premieres of Samuel Barber's 'Antony and Cleopatra' at the Metropolitan Opera.
Ron Bottcher created roles in the world premieres of Marvin David Levy's 'Mourning Becomes Electra' at the Metropolitan Opera.
Ron Bottcher died at the age of 50.
Ron Bottcher died at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan.
Ron Bottcher died of AIDS related illness.
Gianni Schicchi is a comic opera in one act.
Gianni Schicchi was composed by Giacomo Puccini.
Gianni Schicchi has an Italian libretto by Giovacchino Forzano.
Gianni Schicchi was composed in 1917–18.
The libretto of Gianni Schicchi is based on an incident mentioned in Dante's Divine Comedy.
Gianni Schicchi is the third and final part of Puccini's Il trittico.
Il trittico consists of three one-act operas with contrasting themes.
Il trittico was originally written to be presented together.
Gianni Schicchi continues to be performed with one or both of the other trittico operas.
Gianni Schicchi is now more frequently staged either alone or with short operas by other composers.
The aria O mio babbino caro is one of Puccini's best known arias.
O mio babbino caro is one of the most popular arias in opera.
La fanciulla del West is an opera in three acts.
La fanciulla del West was composed by Giacomo Puccini.
La fanciulla del West has an Italian libretto.
The Italian libretto of La fanciulla del West was written by an unnamed author.
La fanciulla del West is based on the play 'The Girl of the Golden West'.
The play 'The Girl of the Golden West' was written by the American author David Belasco.
La fanciulla del West followed the opera 'Madama Butterfly'.
'Madama Butterfly' was also based on a play by David Belasco.
La fanciulla del West has fewer show-stopping highlights than other works by Giacomo Puccini.
La fanciulla del West is admired for its impressive orchestration.
La fanciulla del West has a score that is more melodically integrated than is typical of Giacomo Puccini's previous work.
La fanciulla del West displays influences from composer Claude Debussy.
La fanciulla del West displays influences from composer Richard Strauss.
La fanciulla del West is not imitative of Claude Debussy or Richard Strauss.
Similarities between the libretto of La fanciulla del West and the work of Richard Wagner have been found.
Some attribute the similarities between the libretto and the work of Richard Wagner to the original plot of the play.
Some assert that La fanciulla del West remains quintessentially Italian.
The Festival Puccini is an annual summer opera festival.
The Festival Puccini is held in July and August.
The Festival Puccini presents the operas of Giacomo Puccini.
Giacomo Puccini was a famous Italian composer.
Lilian Sukis was born on 29 June 1939 in Kaunas.
Lilian Sukis is a Canadian operatic soprano.
Lilian Sukis was born in Lithuania.
Lilian Sukis earned diplomas from the University of Toronto.
Lilian Sukis earned diplomas from McMaster University.
Lilian Sukis made her professional opera debut in 1964.
Lilian Sukis made her professional opera debut as Kate Pinkerton in Giacomo Puccini's 'Madama Butterfly' with the Canadian Opera Company.
In 1965, Lilian Sukis sang the role of Countess Almaviva in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's 'The Marriage of Figaro' at the Stratford Festival.
In 1965, Lilian Sukis became a pupil at the Metropolitan Opera Studio and School.
Lilian Sukis made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1967.
Lilian Sukis made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera as Helen Niles in the world premiere of Marvin David Levy's 'Mourning Becomes Electra'.
In 1969, Lilian Sukis became a member of the Bavarian State Opera.
Lilian Sukis remained a member of the Bavarian State Opera for more than 20 years.
Lilian Sukis has appeared as a guest artist with several major opera houses and opera festivals internationally.
Lilian Sukis has appeared at the Bayreuth Festival.
Lilian Sukis has appeared at the Frankfurt Opera.
Lilian Sukis has appeared at Graz.
Lilian Sukis has appeared at the Hamburg State Opera.
Lilian Sukis has appeared at the Salzburg Festival.
Lilian Sukis has appeared at the Vienna State Opera.
Oh My Beloved Father is a soprano aria.
Oh My Beloved Father is from the opera Gianni Schicchi.
Gianni Schicchi was composed in 1918.
Gianni Schicchi was composed by Giacomo Puccini.
The libretto of Gianni Schicchi was written by Giovacchino Forzano.
Oh My Beloved Father is sung by Lauretta.
Lauretta sings Oh My Beloved Father after tensions between her father Schicchi and the family of Rinuccio have reached a breaking point.
Rinuccio is the boy that Lauretta loves.
The breaking point threatens to separate Lauretta from Rinuccio.
Oh My Beloved Father provides an interlude expressing lyrical simplicity and single-hearted love.
The interlude contrasts with the atmosphere of hypocrisy, jealousy, double-dealing, and feuding.
The atmosphere of hypocrisy, jealousy, double-dealing, and feuding is present in medieval Florence.
Medieval Florence is the setting of Puccini's only comedy.
Oh My Beloved Father provides the only set-piece in the through-composed opera.
On My Mind is a song by Ellie Goulding.
Ellie Goulding is an English singer.
On My Mind is from Ellie Goulding's third studio album titled Delirium.
Delirium was released in 2015.
On My Mind was released as the lead single of the album Delirium on 17 September 2015.
On My Mind was written by Ellie Goulding, Max Martin, Savan Kotecha, and Ilya Salmanzadeh.
On My Mind is an electropop and R&B song.
The instrumentation of On My Mind consists of scratchy guitars, trap drums, slapped beats, and sharp, syncopated electronica.
Lyrically, On My Mind talks about a one-night stand with someone the protagonist shouldn't be with.
On My Mind has a dichotomy between heart and head.
Many critics considered On My Mind an answer song to Ed Sheeran's song titled Don't.
Ellie Goulding firmly denied that On My Mind is an answer song to Ed Sheeran's Don't.
Ellie Goulding is an English singer and songwriter.
Ellie Goulding has recorded songs for three studio albums.
Ellie Goulding has recorded guest features.
Ellie Goulding signed a contract with Polydor Records in July 2009.
After signing the contract, Ellie Goulding began to work on her debut studio album, 'Lights'.
'Lights' was ultimately released in February 2010.
The first single released from the album 'Lights' was 'Under the Sheets'.
Ellie Goulding wrote 'Under the Sheets' in collaboration with Starsmith.
Starsmith co-wrote four other songs for the album 'Lights'.
Starsmith served as the primary producer for the album 'Lights'.
Ellie Goulding collaborated with Jonny Lattimer on the singles 'Starry Eyed' and 'The Writer'.
Ellie Goulding shared writing credits with Fraser T Smith on the song 'Your Biggest Mistake'.
In November 2010, Ellie Goulding re-released 'Lights' as 'Bright Lights'.
'Bright Lights' included the standard version of the album 'Lights' and several new songs.
Ellie Goulding collaborated with Richard Stannard and Ash Howes on 'Lights'.
Ellie Goulding recorded a cover version of Elton John's song 'Your Song'.
At this time, Ellie Goulding contributed guest vocals on the song 'Wonderman'.
'Wonderman' was for Tinie Tempah's debut studio album 'Disc-Overy' released in 2010.
Something in the Way You Move is a song by Ellie Goulding.
Ellie Goulding is an English singer and songwriter.
Something in the Way You Move is from Ellie Goulding's third studio album, Delirium.
Delirium was released in 2015.
The song was serviced to contemporary hit radio in the United States on 19 January 2016.
The song was the second single from the album Delirium in North America.
The song was the third overall single from the album Delirium.
Something in the Way You Move reached number 51 on the UK Singles Chart.
Something in the Way You Move reached number 43 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Love Me like You Do is a song recorded by Ellie Goulding.
Ellie Goulding is an English singer.
Love Me like You Do was recorded for the Fifty Shades of Grey soundtrack in 2015.
The song was written by Savan Kotecha.
The song was written by Ilya Salmanzadeh.
The song was written by Tove Lo.
The song was written by Max Martin.
The song was written by Ali Payami.
Max Martin and Ali Payami also produced the song.
Ellie Goulding was selected to sing the track.
Love Me like You Do was released on 7 January 2015.
Love Me like You Do was released as the second single from the Fifty Shades of Grey soundtrack.
Love Me like You Do was also included on Ellie Goulding's third studio album, Delirium.
Delirium was released in 2015.
The song 'Army' is by Ellie Goulding.
Ellie Goulding is an English singer and songwriter.
'Army' is from the third studio album 'Delirium'.
'Delirium' was released in 2015.
The song 'Army' was released on 9 January 2016.
'Army' is the second single from the album 'Delirium'.
Halcyon is the second studio album by Ellie Goulding.
Ellie Goulding is an English singer and songwriter.
Halcyon was released on 5 October 2012 by Polydor Records.
Halcyon was recorded between 2011 and 2012.
The recording of Halcyon occurred during the promotion of Ellie Goulding's debut album, Lights.
Lights was released in 2010.
Ellie Goulding worked with several producers on the album Halcyon.
The producers that Ellie Goulding worked with on Halcyon include Jim Eliot, Starsmith, Billboard, Justin Parker, MONSTA, Madeon, and Mike Spencer.
Ellie Goulding collaborated with artists such as Tinie Tempah and Calvin Harris on the album Halcyon.
The song 'Flashlight' is by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding.
The song 'Flashlight' features production work from DJ Fresh.
The song 'Flashlight' was released as the fourth single from DJ Fresh's forthcoming fourth studio album.
The song 'Flashlight' was released on 28 September 2014 in the United Kingdom as a single.
The song 'Flashlight' was previously released on Ellie Goulding's album from 2013.
The song 'Flashlight' features English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding.
The song 'Flashlight' is included as one of the tracks on Ellie Goulding's 'Halcyon Days' (2013).
The album 'Halcyon Days' is the reissue of Ellie Goulding's second studio album, 'Halcyon' (2012).
The Invisible Men assisted Ellie Goulding and DJ Fresh in writing the song 'Flashlight'.
Delirium is the third studio album by Ellie Goulding.
Ellie Goulding is an English singer and songwriter.
Delirium was released on 6 November 2015 by Polydor Records.
Music critics were generally impressed by the overall production of Delirium.
Music critics were ambivalent in regards to the originality of Delirium.
Delirium debuted at number three on the UK Albums Chart.
Delirium debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200.
Delirium earned Ellie Goulding her highest-charting record in the US.
Delirium earned Ellie Goulding her highest first-week sales figures in both the UK and the US.
The album Delirium spawned three singles.
The singles from Delirium are 'On My Mind', 'Army', and 'Something in the Way You Move'.
Outside is a song.
Outside is by Calvin Harris.
Calvin Harris is a Scottish DJ and record producer.
Outside is from Calvin Harris's fourth studio album, Motion.
Motion was released in 2014.
The song features Ellie Goulding.
Ellie Goulding is an English singer.
Outside was released on 20 October 2014.
Outside was released as the fourth single from the album Motion.
Outside marks the second collaboration between Calvin Harris and Ellie Goulding.
The first collaboration between Calvin Harris and Ellie Goulding was the single I Need Your Love.
I Need Your Love was released in 2013.
Outside is included on the deluxe edition of Ellie Goulding's third studio album, Delirium.
The Delirium World Tour is the third headlining concert tour by Ellie Goulding.
Ellie Goulding is a British singer and songwriter.
The Delirium World Tour promotes Ellie Goulding's third studio album, 'Delirium'.
'Delirium' was released in 2015.
The Delirium World Tour consists of 4 legs.
The legs of the Delirium World Tour are European, North American, Summer Festivals, and Oceanic.
The Delirium World Tour includes 89 dates.
The Delirium World Tour includes 88 cities.
The Delirium World Tour commenced on 21 January 2016.
The Delirium World Tour commenced at Barclaycard Arena in Hamburg, Germany.
The Delirium World Tour concluded on 12 May 2017.
The Delirium World Tour concluded at OLM Souissi in Rabat, Morocco.
The conclusion of the Delirium World Tour was a part of the Mawazine Festival.
Fay School is an independent school.
Fay School is a coeducational school.
Fay School is a day school.
Fay School is a boarding school.
Fay School is located on a 66 acre campus.
Fay School is located some 25 miles from Boston.
Fay School is located in Southborough, Massachusetts.
Fay School is the oldest junior boarding school in the United States.
Fay School has 475 students enrolled.
Fay School enrolls students from Pre-kindergarten through grade 9.
The boarding program at Fay School enrolls 120 students.
The boarding program at Fay School includes grades 7 to 9.
The 120 students in the boarding program come from throughout the United States.
The 120 students in the boarding program come from more than 19 foreign countries.
Fay School opened its Primary School in 2010.
The Primary School at Fay School includes Pre-K to Grade Two.
Fay School moved its 6th grade into the Lower School program in the 2012–13 school year.
The Lower School program at Fay School now includes grades 3 to 6.
Princeton High School was founded in 1867.
Princeton High School graduated its first class in 1869.
Princeton High School started as a boarding school.
Princeton High School taught subjects such as English, mathematics, history, and the sciences.
Princeton High School was enlarged in 1894.
Princeton High School was enlarged in 1908.
The enlargements of Princeton High School were in order to accommodate for increases in attendance.
Princeton High School was completely destroyed by fire on December 15, 1924.
Plans were drawn up to build a new school after the fire at Princeton High School.
Classes were held in City Hall in Princeton in the meantime.
Classes were held in the Post Office in Princeton in the meantime.
Classes were held in the Christian and Mission Covenant Churches in Princeton in the meantime.
The new school opened its doors on September 27, 1926.
The building of the new school was 350 ft long.
The building of the new school was 100 ft wide.
The building of the new school contained twenty classrooms.
The building of the new school contained an auditorium seating 1,100.
The building of the new school contained a library.
The building of the new school contained a science lecture room.
The building of the new school contained chemistry laboratories.
The building of the new school contained physics laboratories.
The building of the new school contained botanical laboratories.
The building of the new school contained a gymnasium.
The building of the new school is still in use today.
Several additions and remodelings have taken place since the new school opened.
Cotter High School is the sole Roman Catholic High School in Winona, Minnesota.
Cotter High School is one of the first Roman Catholic High Schools in the state of Minnesota.
Today, Cotter Schools consists of Cotter High School and Cotter Junior High School.
Cotter High School opened its doors on September 5, 1911.
Cotter High School was originally named the 'Cotter School for Boys'.
Cotter High School was named for Bishop Joseph Bernard Cotter.
Bishop Joseph Bernard Cotter was the diocese’s first bishop.
Cotter High School was a boys school directed by the Christian Brothers of Saint John Baptist de La Salle.
In 1952, the Christian Brothers of Saint John Baptist de La Salle turned the operation of Cotter High School over to the diocese.
Cotter High School became co-educational in 1952 with the combining of Cathedral Girls High School.
In 1953, a new Cotter building was erected.
In 1962, an addition was added to the Cotter building.
In 1992, Cotter High School moved to its current location on the campus of the former College of Saint Teresa.
The move in 1992 was made possible with help from an endowment from the Hiawatha Education Foundation.
The move in 1992 allowed Cotter High School to add a boarding school component.
The Sainik School Balachadi is located in Jamnagar, Gujarat.
The Sainik School Balachadi is one of the Top Sainik Schools in the Chain of 26 Sainik Schools in India.
The Sainik School Balachadi is a boarding school for public education in Gujarat.
The Sainik School Balachadi was established in July 1961 by Sri Lal Bahadur Shastri.
Sri Lal Bahadur Shastri was the Honorable Prime Minister of India at the time of establishment.
The Sainik School Balachadi is an elite English medium, fully residential boarding school for boys.
The Sainik School Balachadi provides Premium public school education with a Military bias up to 10+2 stage.
The Sainik School Balachadi follows the curriculum set by the Central Board of Secondary Education.
The Chain of Sainik Schools in India was established to strengthen the Armed Forces.
The Chain of Sainik Schools in India also aims to strengthen All India Services IAS & IPS and other fields of Public services.
The Sainik School Balachadi is located at a distance of 32 km from the main city of Jamnagar.
The Sainik School Balachadi is situated alongside a coastal area.
The campus of the Sainik School Balachadi faces the Gulf of Kutch.
The campus of the Sainik School Balachadi is encompassed with a Bungalow of Maharaja Jam Shaheb Digvijaysinhji Ranjitsinhji.
The campus of the Sainik School Balachadi is also near Sachana Ship Breaking Yard.
The campus of the Sainik School Balachadi is adjacent to a natural sea beach.
Westminster School is an independent school.
Westminster School is a Uniting Church school.
Westminster School offers education from Early Learning to Year 12.
Westminster School is a coeducational school.
Westminster School is a day and boarding school.
Westminster School is located at Marion, South Australia.
Marion is 12 km south of Adelaide.
Westminster School was founded as a Methodist day and boarding school for boys.
The school was opened by Robert Menzies.
Robert Menzies was the Prime Minister of Australia.
Westminster School was opened in 1961.
Westminster School is named after Westminster School in London.
Westminster School became co-educational in 1978.
Westminster School has a current enrolment of around 1150 students.
Concho Indian Boarding School was also known as the Cheyenne-Arapaho Boarding School at Concho.
Concho Indian Boarding School was also known as Concho Indian School.
Concho Indian Boarding School was home to the Concho Demonstration School.
Concho Indian Boarding School was a boarding school for members of the Cheyenne Tribe.
Concho Indian Boarding School was a boarding school for members of the Arapaho Tribe.
Concho Indian Boarding School later opened to other Native American students.
Concho Indian Boarding School existed from 1909 to 1983.
Concho Indian Boarding School was located in central Oklahoma.
Concho Indian Boarding School was located approximately 1 mile south of Concho, Oklahoma.
Concho Indian Boarding School was located 4 miles north of El Reno, Oklahoma.
The name of the town and school is the Spanish word for 'shell'.
The town and school were named for the Indian agent, Charles E. Shell.
Grace Church School is a private school.
The original building of Grace Church School is located at 86 Fourth Avenue between East 10th and East 12th Streets.
The original building of Grace Church School is in the East Village neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City.
Grace Church School was founded in 1894 by Grace Church.
Grace Church School was the first choir boarding school in New York City.
The private day school that resembles Grace Church School today began in 1934.
Grace Church School's High School Division opened in 2012.
Grace Church School's High School Division is located at 46 Cooper Square.
In the 2015-16 school year, Grace Church School opened for the first time as a Junior Kindergarten through 12th grade program.
Grennaskolan Boarding School is a Swedish boarding school.
Grennaskolan Boarding School is located in Gränna.
Gränna is in Jönköping County.
Grennaskolan Boarding School was founded in 1963.
Stockholm University founded Grennaskolan Boarding School.
Grennaskolan Boarding School has approximately 200 students.
Half of the students at Grennaskolan Boarding School are boarding school students.
Half of the students at Grennaskolan Boarding School are international students.
Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School was initially established in the year 2051 B.S (1994 A.D).
A group of highly experienced professionals in the field of education established Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School.
Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School is located at Pragatinagar – 3, Nawalparasi, Nepal.
Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School was established in collaboration with Nawal English Boarding School.
Nawal English Boarding School was established at Rajhar V.D.C. in the year 2039 B.S (1982 A.D).
The purpose of establishing Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School was to promote education from Primary Level to Secondary Level.
Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School was run under the name of Nawal English Boarding School (NEBS) up to 2056 B.S (1999 A.D).
Nawal English Boarding School (NEBS) was later merged into Vishwa Jyoti English Boarding School in the year 2057 B.S (2000 A.D).
In the year 2064 B.S (2007 A.D), Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School upgraded itself to the Higher Secondary Level.
Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School is affiliated to the Higher Secondary Education Board (H.S.E.B.).
Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School started running classes in the science stream.
Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School started running classes in the management stream.
The Regional Resettlement Arrangement between Australia and Papua New Guinea is colloquially known as the PNG solution.
The PNG solution is the name given to an Australian government policy.
The Australian government policy states that any asylum seeker who comes to Australia by boat without a visa will be refused settlement in Australia.
Asylum seekers who are found to be legitimate refugees will be settled in Papua New Guinea.
The policy includes a significant expansion of the Australian immigration detention facility on Manus Island.
Refugees will be sent to Manus Island to be processed prior to resettlement in Papua New Guinea.
If a refugee's status is found to be non-genuine, they will be either repatriated, sent to a third country other than Australia, or remain in detention indefinitely.
The policy was announced on 19 July 2013 by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd.
The policy was also announced by Papua New Guinean Prime Minister Peter O'Neill.
The policy was effective immediately.
The announcement was made in response to a growing number of asylum seeker boat arrivals.
The then Opposition Leader Tony Abbott initially welcomed the policy.
Greens leader Christine Milne opposed the policy.
Several human rights advocate groups opposed the policy.
Demonstrations protesting the policy were held in every major Australian city after the announcement.
Night School is a British web series.
Night School is based on the Night School books.
The Night School books were written by CJ Daugherty.
Night School was the first ever web series based on a British young adult book.
The show premiered on YouTube on December 12, 2014.
The series was written by CJ Daugherty.
The series was created by Jack Jewers.
Raaz Pichhle Janm Ka is an Indian reality television series.
Raaz Pichhle Janm Ka is based on the technique of past life regression.
The NDTV Imagine show is hosted by Ravi Kishan.
Ravi Kishan is an actor.
The past life regression sessions are conducted by Trupti Jayin.
Trupti Jayin is a Mumbai-based psychologist.
The first season of Raaz Pichhle Janm Ka started on December 7, 2009.
The first season was planned for a 20-episode run.
The first season aired from Monday to Friday at 9.30 pm.
The first season was produced by Ideas Box Entertainment.
The first season got an extension of 20 episodes.
The first season ended on January 15, 2010.
The second season of Raaz Pichhle Janm Ka started on October 23, 2010.
Chunky Pandey was a guest in the second season.
The reset button technique is based on the idea of 'status quo ante'.
The reset button technique is a plot device that interrupts continuity in works of fiction.
The use of a reset button device returns all characters and situations to the 'status quo' they held before a major change was introduced.
The reset button technique typically occurs either in the middle of a program or at the beginning or very end of a program.
When the reset button technique occurs in the middle of a program, it negates a portion of the program.
When the reset button technique occurs at the beginning or very end of a program, it negates all that came before it.
The reset button technique is often used in science fiction television series.
The reset button technique is often used in animated series.
The reset button technique is often used in soap operas.
The reset button technique is often used in comic books.
The reset button device allows elaborate and dramatic changes to characters and the fictional universe.
The elaborate and dramatic changes allowed by the reset button device might otherwise invalidate the premise of the show with respect to future episodes or issues continuity.
Writers may use the reset button technique to allow the audience to experience the death of the lead character.
Experiencing the death of the lead character traditionally would not be possible without effectively ending the work.
Rising Star is a French musical television competition series.
Rising Star is based on the Rising Star contest series.
The Rising Star contest series is based on the Israeli programme 'HaKokhav HaBa'.
The TV viewers become the instant ultimate juries in Rising Star.
Expert panelists are given only a nominal percentage weight in voting in Rising Star.
The French rights for Rising Star were bought by the specialized music-oriented station M6.
Iron Man is an American animated television series.
Iron Man is also known as Iron Man: The Animated Series.
Iron Man is based on Marvel Comics' superhero Iron Man.
The series aired from 1994 to 1996 in syndication.
The series was part of 'The Marvel Action Hour'.
'The Marvel Action Hour' packaged 'Iron Man' with another animated series based on Marvel properties.
The other animated series packaged with 'Iron Man' is the 'Fantastic Four'.
One half-hour episode from each series aired back-to-back.
The show was backed by a toy line.
The toy line featured many armor variants.
Raimund Harmstorf was a German actor.
Raimund Harmstorf was born on 7 October 1939 in Hamburg.
Raimund Harmstorf died on 3 May 1998 in Marktoberdorf.
Raimund Harmstorf became famous as the protagonist of a German TV mini series based on Jack London's the Sea-Wolf.
The German TV mini series based on Jack London's the Sea-Wolf was sold into many countries.
Raimund Harmstorf starred later on successfully in another German TV series based on Jules Verne's Michael Strogoff.
Ripley's Believe It or Not! is the name of several documentary television series.
The documentary television series is based on the newspaper feature.
The first series aired on NBC from 1949 to 1950.
Robert L. Ripley was the host of the first series until his death.
Several substitute hosts filled in after the death of Robert L. Ripley.
The series was revived for ABC in the 1980s.
Jack Palance was the primary host of the revived series for ABC.
Another revival of the series debuted on TBS in 2000.
The revival on TBS aired until 2003.
Dean Cain was the host of the revival on TBS.
A Filipino version of the series debuted in 2008.
Chris Tiu was the host of the Filipino version.
An animated series based on the Ripley's franchise was also created.
The Office is a television series.
The Office is based on the British television comedy of the same name.
The format of The Office is a parody of the fly on the wall documentary technique.
The format of The Office intersperses traditional situation comedy segments with mock interviews.
The mock interviews feature the characters of The Office.
The format of The Office provides the audience access to the ongoing interior monologues for all of the main characters.
The format of The Office provides occasional insights into other characters within the show.
Auger electron spectroscopy is a common analytical technique.
Auger electron spectroscopy is used specifically in the study of surfaces.
Auger electron spectroscopy is used more generally in the area of materials science.
The Auger effect underlies the spectroscopic technique of Auger electron spectroscopy.
The Auger effect is based on the analysis of energetic electrons emitted from an excited atom.
The emission of energetic electrons occurs after a series of internal relaxation events.
The Auger effect was discovered independently by Lise Meitner in the 1920s.
The Auger effect was discovered independently by Pierre Auger in the 1920s.
Lise Meitner initially reported the discovery of the Auger effect in the journal 'Zeitschrift für Physik' in 1922.
Pierre Auger is credited with the discovery of the Auger effect in most of the scientific community.
Until the early 1950s, Auger transitions were considered nuisance effects by spectroscopists.
Auger transitions were not considered to contain much relevant material information.
Auger transitions were studied to explain anomalies in X-ray spectroscopy data.
Since 1953, Auger electron spectroscopy has become a practical characterization technique.
Auger electron spectroscopy is a straightforward technique for probing chemical and compositional surface environments.
Auger electron spectroscopy has found applications in metallurgy.
Auger electron spectroscopy has found applications in gas-phase chemistry.
Auger electron spectroscopy has found applications throughout the microelectronics industry.
Katri, Girl of the Meadows is an anime series.
Katri, Girl of the Meadows is based on the Finnish novel, 'Paimen, piika ja emäntä'.
Auni Nuolivaara is the author of the Finnish novel, 'Paimen, piika ja emäntä'.
The series was broadcast originally in Japan in 1984.
The series was part of the children's anthology series 'World Masterpiece Theater'.
'World Masterpiece Theater' is also known simply as 'Meisaku'.
Nippon Animation produced 'World Masterpiece Theater'.
'World Masterpiece Theater' has produced a great variety of animated series based on different children's novels from around the world.
Among the animated series produced by 'World Masterpiece Theater' were ' (1983) and 'Little Princess Sara' (1985).
'Katri, Girl of the Meadows' made its way to different countries in Europe.
The countries in Europe where 'Katri, Girl of the Meadows' was broadcast include Spain, Italy, France, and Germany.
'Katri, Girl of the Meadows' has never been broadcast or published in Finland.
'Katri, Girl of the Meadows' remains mostly unknown in Finland.
Portland State Vikings football is a college football program.
Jerry Glanville was a coach for the Portland State Vikings football program.
Ken Herock was born on July 16, 1941, in Pittsburgh.
Ken Herock was an American college and professional football player.
Ken Herock played the position of tight end.
Ken Herock played collegiately at West Virginia.
Ken Herock played professionally in the American Football League.
Ken Herock played for the AFL Champion Oakland Raiders.
Ken Herock played in the second AFL-NFL World Championship Game.
The second AFL-NFL World Championship Game was held after the 1967 season.
Ken Herock attended Munhall High School in Pittsburgh.
Ken Herock's six-year professional career was spent with the Oakland Raiders.
Ken Herock helped the Oakland Raiders win the AFL title.
Ken Herock also played for the Cincinnati Bengals.
Ken Herock played for the Boston Patriots.
After his playing career ended, Ken Herock was a player personnel executive in the NFL.
Ken Herock worked with the Raiders as a player personnel executive.
Ken Herock worked with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as a player personnel executive.
Ken Herock worked with the Atlanta Falcons as a player personnel executive.
Ken Herock is known for trading Brett Favre from the Atlanta Falcons to the Green Bay Packers.
Jerry Glanville was the head coach who urged Ken Herock to trade Brett Favre.
The 1989 season was the Houston Oilers' 30th season.
The 1989 season was the Houston Oilers' 20th season in the National Football League (NFL).
The Houston Oilers scored 365 points during the 1989 season.
The Houston Oilers' defense gave up 412 points during the 1989 season.
The Houston Oilers had a record of 9 wins and 7 losses during the 1989 season.
The Houston Oilers' record of 9 wins and 7 losses resulted in a second-place finish in the AFC Central Division.
The Houston Oilers appeared once on Monday Night Football during the 1989 season.
The Houston Oilers appeared in the playoffs for the third consecutive year during the 1989 season.
1989 was Jerry Glanville’s final year as the Houston Oilers' coach.
One of the lowest points of the 1989 season for the Houston Oilers was their second to last game against the division rival Cincinnati Bengals.
The Cincinnati Bengals thumped the Houston Oilers 61-7 in that game.
The 61-7 loss marked the worst defeat for the Houston Oilers during their tenure in Houston.
As of 2017, the worst defeat for the team known either as the Houston Oilers or the Tennessee Titans was in 2009 when the Tennessee Titans lost 59-0 to the New England Patriots.
It was the second time the Houston Oilers had allowed 61 points to the Cincinnati Bengals.
The other instance of the Houston Oilers allowing 61 points to the Cincinnati Bengals was a 61-17 loss at home in 1972.
The 1990 Atlanta Falcons season was the franchise's 25th season in the National Football League.
Jerry Glanville was hired to be the Atlanta Falcons' new coach.
The Atlanta Falcons franchise changed their helmets from red to black.
The Atlanta Falcons looked to improve on their 3-13 record from 1989.
The Atlanta Falcons did improve on their 3-13 record, finishing with a 5-11 record.
The Atlanta Falcons missed the playoffs for the eighth straight season.
The 1990 season started out pretty well for the Atlanta Falcons.
The Atlanta Falcons beat playoff contenders Houston, New Orleans, and Cincinnati at home.
The Atlanta Falcons sat at a 3-4 record after their win against Cincinnati.
The Atlanta Falcons then lost seven games in a row.
The Atlanta Falcons won their last two games to end the season.
The Atlanta Falcons went 5-3 at home.
The Atlanta Falcons were winless on the road.
The Atlanta Falcons' winless record on the road cost them a trip to the postseason.
The 2013 East–West Shrine Game was the 88th staging of the all-star college football exhibition game.
The 2013 East–West Shrine Game featured NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision players.
The 2013 East–West Shrine Game featured a few select invitees from Canadian university football.
The game featured over 100 players from the 2012 college football season.
The game featured prospects for the 2013 Draft of the professional National Football League.
Scouts from all 32 National Football League teams attended the week prior to the game.
The proceeds from the East-West Shrine Game benefit Shriners Hospitals for Children.
Jerry Glanville was named a coach for the 2013 East–West Shrine Game on December 5, 2012.
Leeman Bennett was named a coach for the 2013 East–West Shrine Game on December 5, 2012.
The West team defeated the East team with a score of 28-13.
William Keith Bostic was born on January 17, 1961.
William Keith Bostic is a former professional American football player.
William Keith Bostic played for seven seasons in the National Football League.
William Keith Bostic played safety for the Houston Oilers.
William Keith Bostic played safety for the Cleveland Browns.
William Keith Bostic served as the Oiler defensive captain under Jerry Glanville.
William Keith Bostic earned one Pro Bowl selection.
William Keith Bostic missed another Pro Bowl selection based on a tiebreaker for the last safety chosen.
In William Keith Bostic's Pro Bowl season, he led the American Football Conference in interceptions.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis was born on September 6, 1932.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis is a retired American football coach.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis is a former player.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis is a veteran coach at the high school level.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis is a veteran coach at the college level.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis is a veteran coach at the professional level.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis last coached with Jerry Glanville at Portland State.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis last coached with June Jones at the University of Hawaii at Manoa.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis served as the head football coach at Portland State University from 1975 to 1980.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis compiled a record of 42–24 as the head football coach at Portland State University.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis was a head coach with the Denver Gold of the United States Football League in 1985.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis was a head coach with the New York/New Jersey Knights of the World League of American Football from 1991 to 1992.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis was a head coach with the Detroit Fury of the Arena Football League from 2001 to 2002.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis was a head coach with the San Diego Riptide of the Arena Football League in 2003.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis is a native of Washington.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis grew up in Oregon.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis started his coaching career as a high school football coach.
Darrel 'Mouse' Davis is widely regarded as the 'godfather' of the run and shoot offense.
Keith Bostic is an American Software Engineer.
Keith Bostic is one of the key people in the history of Berkeley Software Distribution UNIX.
Keith Bostic is one of the key people in the history of Open Source software.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American Football team.
The Pittsburgh Steelers play in the National Football League.
The 1987 season saw the Pittsburgh Steelers record an 8-7 record.
The Pittsburgh Steelers failed to reach the playoffs in the 1987 season.
Chuck Noll was renowned as a stoic character.
Chuck Noll's reaction to Jerry Glanville was in complete contrast to his usual demeanor.
Jerry Glanville was the head coach of the Oilers.
After the Pittsburgh Steelers' second meeting with the Oilers, Chuck Noll grabbed Jerry Glanville during the post game handshake.
Chuck Noll told Jerry Glanville he'd better watch out or he'd get jumped on.
Chuck Noll's reaction was in response to Jerry Glanville's earlier comments.
Jerry Glanville's earlier comments included that the Oilers field was the 'house of pain'.
Jerry Glanville predicted that his players would intentionally hurt the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Lucky to Be Alive is the seventh studio album by the American country music band Confederate Railroad.
Lucky to Be Alive marks the first album release in nine years for the Grammy-nominated group Confederate Railroad.
Lucky to Be Alive was released on July 15 to music retailers nationwide.
The ACM award-winning band Confederate Railroad is bringing star power on the album.
The album features guest appearances from Willie Nelson.
The album features guest appearances from John Anderson.
The album features guest appearances from Colt Ford.
The album features guest appearances from Jerry Glanville.
Jerry Glanville is a former NFL coach.
The album includes a special 20th Anniversary version of the signature smash, 'Trashy Women.'
Willoughton is a village in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
Willoughton is a civil parish in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
Willoughton is situated 2 miles west from the A15 road.
Willoughton is situated 13 miles north from Lincoln.
Willoughton is situated 3 miles south from Kirton Lindsey.
According to the 2001 Census, the village of Willoughton had a population of 330.
According to the 2011 Census, the village of Willoughton had a population of 341.
Kirton is a village.
Kirton is a civil parish.
Kirton is located in the shire county of Suffolk.
Kirton is situated off the A14 road.
Kirton is about 4.5 km from Felixstowe.
Kirton is around 10 km from Ipswich.
The closest train station to Kirton is Trimley.
According to the 2011 census, Kirton had a population of 1,146.
Kirton is located between the River Debben and the River Orwell.
The village of Kirton covers a total area of 8.3 km2.
The county of Suffolk lacks quarries.
Many of the buildings in Kirton are made from flint.
Many of the buildings in Kirton are made from clay.
Many of the buildings in Kirton are made from timber.
Tiruchirappalli is a city in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Tiruchirappalli is the fourth most populous city in Tamil Nadu.
Tiruchirappalli is the densest regional urban area in Tamil Nadu.
According to the 2001 census, Tiruchirappalli had a population of 752,066 within the city limits.
According to the 2001 census, Tiruchirappalli had an extended urban agglomeration population of 866,354.
According to the 2011 provisional population totals, Tiruchirappalli has a population of 846,915.
According to the 2011 provisional population totals, the regional urban area of Tiruchirappalli has 1,021,717 residents.
The sex ratio of Tiruchirappalli is 1025.
The sex ratio of 1025 is among the best for any city in India that has a population of one million or more.
In 2001, the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics conducted a national census in Bangladesh.
The national census in Bangladesh occurred ten years after the 1991 census.
The Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics recorded data from all of the districts in Bangladesh.
The Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics recorded data from all of the upazilas in Bangladesh.
The Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics recorded data from all of the main cities in Bangladesh.
The recorded data included statistical data on population size.
The recorded data included statistical data on households.
The recorded data included statistical data on sex and age distribution.
The recorded data included statistical data on marital status.
The recorded data included statistical data on the economically active population.
The recorded data included statistical data on literacy and educational attainment.
The recorded data included statistical data on religion.
The recorded data included statistical data on the number of children.
According to the adjusted 2001 census figures, Bangladesh's population stood at 129.3 million.
An initial count of Bangladesh's population put it at 124.4 million.
An adjustment for the standard rate of undercounting boosted the population figure.
According to the census, Hindus were 9.2 percent of the population in Bangladesh.
Urbanization in India began to accelerate after India's independence.
The acceleration of urbanization in India was due to India's adoption of a mixed economy.
The mixed economy in India gave rise to the development of the private sector.
Urbanization is taking place at a faster rate in India.
According to the 1901 census, the population residing in urban areas in India was 11.4%.
According to the 2001 census, the population residing in urban areas in India increased to 28.53%.
According to the 2011 census, the population residing in urban areas in India crossed 30%.
According to the 2011 census, the population residing in urban areas in India stood at 31.16%.
According to a survey by the UN State of the World Population report in 2007, by 2030, 40.76% of India's population is expected to reside in urban areas.
According to the World Bank, India will lead the world's urban population surge by 2050.
According to the World Bank, China will lead the world's urban population surge by 2050.
According to the World Bank, Indonesia will lead the world's urban population surge by 2050.
According to the World Bank, Nigeria will lead the world's urban population surge by 2050.
According to the World Bank, the United States will lead the world's urban population surge by 2050.
Hockley is a large village in Essex, England.
Hockley is a civil parish in Essex, England.
Hockley is located between Chelmsford and Southend-on-Sea.
Hockley lies between Rayleigh and Rochford.
Hockley came to prominence during the coming of the railway in the 1890s.
At the 2001 census, Hockley had a population of 13,616 people.
At the 2011 Census, Hockley's population reduced to 9,616 people.
Many of the residents of Hockley commute to London.
The parish of Hockley has a population of 8,909 according to the 2001 census.
The urban area of Hockley runs into the neighbouring parish of Hawkwell.
Hockley railway station serves the village of Hockley.
Berwick-upon-Tweed was a local government district in Northumberland.
Berwick-upon-Tweed was a borough in Northumberland.
Northumberland is located in the north-east of England.
Berwick-upon-Tweed is located on the border with Scotland.
The district of Berwick-upon-Tweed had a resident population of 25,949 according to the 2001 census.
The 2001 census notes that Berwick-upon-Tweed is the most ethnically homogeneous district in the country.
99.6% of the population of Berwick-upon-Tweed recorded themselves as 'White' in the 2001 census.
Berwick-upon-Tweed was the smallest district in England with borough status.
Berwick-upon-Tweed was the third-least densely populated local government district in England.
Eden was one of the local government districts that was less densely populated than Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Tynedale was one of the local government districts that was less densely populated than Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Parkridge is a residential community in western Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Parkridge is located on land annexed by the city between 1975 and 1979.
The development of the subdivision was initially called 'Fairhaven II'.
The name 'Fairhaven II' was derived from the neighbouring community to the east.
The development of Parkridge began in the early 1980s.
The extreme west end of the Parkridge neighbourhood remained undeveloped until the creation of the adjacent Blairmore Suburban Centre.
The final phase of Parkridge was built out in the early 2010s.
The majority of residents in Parkridge are employed in the sales and service sector.
The next highest employer in Parkridge is business, finance, and administration.
The two main age groups in Parkridge as of 2005 are those in their 40s and teenagers.
Until recently, Parkridge was the farthest western neighbourhood of Saskatoon south of 22nd Street.
New construction will soon see Neighbourhood 2 of the Blairmore SDA claim the title of the farthest western neighbourhood.
The neighbourhood of Parkridge had a 2001 census population of 4,505.
The population of Parkridge is larger than the Saskatchewan city of Melville.
The population of Melville was 4,149 in 2006.
The population of Melville was 4,453 in 2001.
Parkridge is a little smaller than the provincial city of Humboldt.
The population of Humboldt was 4,998 in 2006.
The population of Humboldt was 5,161 in 2001.
In Saskatchewan, rural towns must maintain a population above 5,000 to apply for city status.
According to MLS data, the average sale price of a home in Parkridge as of 2013 was $327,072.
Sauce Viejo is a city.
Sauce Viejo is located in the province of Santa Fe.
Santa Fe is a province in Argentina.
Sauce Viejo is located about 22 km from the capital city of the province, Santa Fe.
Sauce Viejo has a population of 6,825 inhabitants according to the 2001 census.
The population of Sauce Viejo represents a growth of 87.96% compared to the previous census.
The previous census recorded a population of 3,631 inhabitants.
Kirton is a village.
Kirton is located in Nottinghamshire.
Nottinghamshire is in England.
Kirton is located 3 miles east of Ollerton.
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, Kirton had a population of 273.
According to the 2011 census, Kirton had a population of 261.
Cypress-pine is the common name used for three closely related genera of conifers.
The three closely related genera of conifers belong to the cypress family Cupressaceae.
Fokienia is a genus of conifer tree.
Fokienia belongs to the cypress family.
Fokienia is intermediate between the genera of Chamaecyparis and Calocedrus.
Genetically, Fokienia is much closer to Chamaecyparis.
Not all researchers recognize Fokienia as a separate genus.
The genus Fokienia comprises only one living species.
The living species of Fokienia is Fokienia hodginsii.
Fokienia hodginsii is also known as Fujian cypress.
Fokienia hodginsii is referred to as Pơmu in Vietnamese.
The genus Fokienia comprises one fossil species.
The fossil species of Fokienia is Fokienia ravenscragensis.
Cupressaceae is a conifer family.
Cupressaceae is also known as the cypress family.
Cupressaceae has a worldwide distribution.
The family Cupressaceae includes 27–30 genera.
17 of the genera in the family Cupressaceae are monotypic.
The genera in the family Cupressaceae include junipers.
The genera in the family Cupressaceae include redwoods.
The family Cupressaceae has about 130–140 species in total.
The species in the family Cupressaceae are monoecious.
The species in the family Cupressaceae are subdioecious.
The species in the family Cupressaceae are rarely dioecious.
The species in the family Cupressaceae are trees and shrubs.
The species in the family Cupressaceae can be tall.
The bark of mature trees in the family Cupressaceae is commonly orange- to red-brown.
The bark of mature trees in the family Cupressaceae has a stringy texture.
The bark of mature trees in the family Cupressaceae often flakes or peels in vertical strips.
The bark of some species in the family Cupressaceae is smooth.
The bark of some species in the family Cupressaceae is scaly.
The bark of some species in the family Cupressaceae is hard and square-cracked.
The genus Cupressus is one of several genera within the family Cupressaceae.
The common name for the genus Cupressus is cypress.
For the others, see cypress.
The genus Cupressus is considered a polyphyletic group.
The 'Cupressus' genus is found in the Cupressoideae subfamily based on genetic and morphological analysis.
The common name cypress comes from Old French 'cipres'.
The term 'cipres' comes from Latin 'cyparissus'.
The term 'cyparissus' is the latinisation of the Greek κυπάρισσος ('kypárissos').
Pilgerodendron is a genus of conifer.
Pilgerodendron belongs to the cypress family Cupressaceae.
Pilgerodendron has only one species.
The species of Pilgerodendron is Pilgerodendron uviferum.
Pilgerodendron uviferum is endemic to the Valdivian temperate rain forests of southern Chile.
Pilgerodendron uviferum is endemic to the Magellanic subpolar forests of southwestern Argentina.
Pilgerodendron uviferum grows from 40 to 55°S in Tierra del Fuego.
Pilgerodendron uviferum is the southernmost conifer in the world.
Pilgerodendron is a member of the subfamily Callitroideae.
The subfamily Callitroideae is a group of distinct southern hemisphere genera.
The genera in the subfamily Callitroideae are associated with the Antarctic flora.
The Frenchman Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Late Cretaceous age.
The Late Cretaceous age is specifically late Maastrichtian.
The Frenchman Formation is located in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin.
The Frenchman Formation is present in southern Saskatchewan.
The Frenchman Formation is present in the Cypress Hills of southeastern Alberta.
The Frenchman Formation was defined by G.M. Furnival in 1942.
G.M. Furnival defined the Frenchman Formation from observations of outcrops along the Frenchman River.
The observations of outcrops were made between Ravenscrag and Highway 37.
The Frenchman Formation contains the youngest of dinosaur genera.
The Frenchman Formation is similar to the Hell Creek Formation in the United States.
Libocedrus is a genus of five species of coniferous trees.
Libocedrus belongs to the cypress family Cupressaceae.
Libocedrus is native to New Zealand.
Libocedrus is native to New Caledonia.
The genus Libocedrus is closely related to the South American genera Pilgerodendron and Austrocedrus.
The genus Libocedrus is closely related to the New Guinean genus Papuacedrus.
Some botanists include the genera Pilgerodendron and Austrocedrus within Libocedrus.
Some botanists include the genus Papuacedrus within Libocedrus.
The genera Pilgerodendron, Austrocedrus, and Papuacedrus are rather similar to the Northern Hemisphere genera Calocedrus and Thuja.
In earlier days, what is now Calocedrus was sometimes included in Libocedrus.
Libocedrus and Calocedrus are much less closely related.
The relationship between Libocedrus and Calocedrus was recently confirmed by Gadek et al. in 2000.
The generic name Libocedrus means 'teardrop cedar'.
The name 'teardrop cedar' apparently refers to drops of resin.
Ajugeae is a tribe of the Teucrioideae subfamily.
Teucrioideae is a subfamily of the family Lamiaceae.
Ajugeae might contain the genera Acrymia.
Ajugeae might contain the genera Ajuga.
Ajugeae might contain the genera Cymaria.
Ajugeae might contain the genera Garrettia.
Ajugeae might contain the genera Holocheila.
Cedrol is a sesquiterpene alcohol.
Cedrol is found in the essential oil of conifers.
Cedrol is especially found in the genera Cupressus.
Cupressus is commonly known as cypress.
Cedrol is also found in the genera Juniperus.
Juniperus is commonly known as juniper.
Cedrol has been identified in Origanum onites.
Origanum onites is a plant related to oregano.
The main uses of Cedrol are in the chemistry of aroma compounds.
Cedrol makes up about 19% of cedarwood oil from Texas.
Cedrol makes up about 15.8% of cedarwood oil from Virginia.
The 2003 WNBA Season was the Women's National Basketball Association's seventh season.
The 2003 WNBA Season was the first season in which teams either folded or relocated.
The 2003 WNBA Season was the first season to have teams that were not co-owned with NBA teams.
The Orlando Miracle relocated to Connecticut.
The Orlando Miracle became the Connecticut Sun.
The Utah Starzz relocated to San Antonio, Texas.
The Utah Starzz became the San Antonio Silver Stars.
The Miami Sol folded during the 2003 WNBA Season.
The Portland Fire folded during the 2003 WNBA Season.
The Charlotte Sting became the second WNBA team without a brother NBA team.
The schedule for the 2003 WNBA Season increased from 32 games per team to 34 games per team.
The schedule for the 2003 WNBA Season stands at 34 games per team to this day.
The 2003 WNBA Season ended with the Detroit Shock winning their first WNBA Championship.
The Charlotte Hornets are a professional basketball club.
The Charlotte Hornets are based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The Charlotte Hornets are members of the National Basketball Association.
The Charlotte Hornets play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference.
The original Charlotte Hornets franchise played in Charlotte from 1988 to 2002.
The original Charlotte Hornets franchise relocated to New Orleans, Louisiana.
The original Charlotte Hornets franchise became the New Orleans Hornets.
A new franchise called the 'Charlotte Bobcats' began play in the 2004–05 season.
The Charlotte Bobcats played for ten seasons.
The Charlotte Bobcats adopted the Hornets name for the 2014–15 season.
The Hornets name was left available after the New Orleans Hornets became the New Orleans Pelicans.
There was a deal between the Bobcats, Hornets, and NBA.
The renamed Hornets reclaimed the original Hornets' history and records from 1988 to 2002.
All of the Hornets' records from 2002 to 2013 remained with the Pelicans.
The Hornets are now reckoned as having suspended operations after the 2001–02 season.
The Hornets returned as the Bobcats in 2004.
This has allowed all of Charlotte's NBA history to be recognized under one single franchise.
The Charlotte Hornets are an American professional basketball team.
The Charlotte Hornets are based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The Charlotte Hornets play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association.
The Hornets were first established in 1988 as an expansion team.
The Hornets relocated to New Orleans following the 2001–02 season.
In 2004, a new expansion team was established called the Charlotte Bobcats.
The team changed its name to the Charlotte Hornets for the 2014–15 season.
The name change occurred a year after the New Orleans franchise relinquished the Hornets name.
The New Orleans franchise renamed itself the Pelicans.
The Charlotte franchise re-inherited the Hornets name from New Orleans.
The Charlotte franchise reclaimed the history and records of the original 1988–2002 Hornets.
The Charlotte franchise effectively became a continuation of the original franchise.
Tyrone Curtis 'Muggsy' Bogues was born on January 9, 1965.
Tyrone Curtis 'Muggsy' Bogues is an American retired basketball player.
Tyrone Curtis 'Muggsy' Bogues is the shortest player ever to play in the National Basketball Association.
Tyrone Curtis 'Muggsy' Bogues is 5 feet tall.
Tyrone Curtis 'Muggsy' Bogues played point guard for four teams during his 14-season career in the NBA.
Tyrone Curtis 'Muggsy' Bogues is best known for his ten seasons with the Charlotte Hornets.
Tyrone Curtis 'Muggsy' Bogues also played for the Washington Bullets.
Tyrone Curtis 'Muggsy' Bogues also played for the Golden State Warriors.
Tyrone Curtis 'Muggsy' Bogues also played for the Toronto Raptors.
After his NBA career, Tyrone Curtis 'Muggsy' Bogues served as head coach of the now-defunct WNBA team Charlotte Sting.
The original Charlotte Hornets were established in 1988.
The original Charlotte Hornets were an expansion team.
The original Charlotte Hornets were based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The team's roster was filled with unprotected players at the 1988 NBA Expansion Draft.
Five days after the 1988 NBA Expansion Draft, the Hornets made their first picks out of college players at the 1988 NBA draft.
The Hornets remained in Charlotte for 14 seasons.
The Hornets relocated to New Orleans in 2002.
Two years after the Hornets' departure, the Charlotte Bobcats were established in 2004.
The Bobcats first participated in the 2004 NBA draft.
The 2004 NBA draft occurred two days after the Bobcats' expansion draft was held.
The franchise's name was changed back to the Hornets at the conclusion of the 2013–14 season.
The name change occurred one year after the team in Louisiana renamed itself the New Orleans Pelicans.
The history and records of the original Charlotte Hornets were conveyed to the newly named Charlotte Hornets.
The 1991–92 NBA season was the Charlotte Hornets' fourth season in the National Basketball Association.
The Charlotte Hornets had the top overall pick in the 1991 NBA draft.
The Charlotte Hornets selected UNLV star Larry Johnson with the top overall pick in the 1991 NBA draft.
Allan Bristow was the new head coach of the Charlotte Hornets.
The Charlotte Hornets got off to a slow start under Allan Bristow.
The Charlotte Hornets lost 8 of their first 9 games.
At midseason, Rex Chapman was traded to the Washington Bullets.
The Charlotte Hornets got stronger after the trade of Rex Chapman.
The Charlotte Hornets won 9 of 13 games in February.
The Charlotte Hornets finished sixth in the Central Division.
The Charlotte Hornets had a record of 31 wins and 51 losses.
The Charlotte Hornets had a five-game improvement over the previous season.
Larry Johnson averaged 19.2 points and 11.0 rebounds per game.
Larry Johnson won the 1992 NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Kendall Gill was a second-year star for the Charlotte Hornets.
Kendall Gill led the Charlotte Hornets in scoring with 20.5 points per game.
The Charlotte Hornets led the NBA in attendance for the third time in four seasons.
The Charlotte Hornets are an American professional basketball team.
The Charlotte Hornets are based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The Charlotte Hornets compete in the National Basketball Association.
The Charlotte Hornets are a member of the league's Eastern Conference Southeast Division.
The team is largely owned by Michael Jordan.
Michael Jordan is a former NBA player.
Michael Jordan is a North Carolina native.
Michael Jordan acquired controlling interest in the Charlotte Hornets in 2010.
The Hornets play their home games at the Spectrum Center.
The Spectrum Center is located in Uptown Charlotte.
Ayana D’Nay Walker was born on September 10, 1979.
Ayana D’Nay Walker is an American former women's basketball player.
Ayana D’Nay Walker played for the Louisiana Tech Lady Techsters basketball team from 1998 to 2002.
Ayana D’Nay Walker was a member of the gold-medal winning USA Basketball Women’s National Team in 2001.
Ayana D’Nay Walker set a USA single-game record with 19 rebounds in the gold-medal game.
Ayana D’Nay Walker was also a member of the gold-medal winning USA Basketball World University Games Team in 2001.
Ayana D’Nay Walker was drafted as the 20th overall pick by the Detroit Shock in the 2002 WNBA Draft.
As a member of the Detroit Shock, Ayana D’Nay Walker won the 2003 WNBA Championship.
On July 3, 2005, Ayana D’Nay Walker signed with the Charlotte Sting.
After the Charlotte Sting franchise folded, Ayana D’Nay Walker was drafted by the Los Angeles Sparks as the 12th pick in the dispersal draft on January 8, 2007.
Ayana D’Nay Walker returned to Detroit for her final season in 2007.
The Texas Tech Lady Raiders basketball team represents Texas Tech University.
The Texas Tech Lady Raiders basketball team has had 9 players drafted into the Women's National Basketball Association since the league began holding drafts in 1997.
Sheryl Swoopes was Texas Tech's first player drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association.
Sheryl Swoopes was selected in the 1997 Initial Player Allocation.
The Charlotte Sting had drafted three Lady Raiders.
The Charlotte Sting drafted more Lady Raiders than any other Women's National Basketball Association franchise.
Michi Atkins was drafted by the Charlotte Sting in the WNBA Elite Draft.
Angie Braziel was drafted by the Charlotte Sting during the college draft.
Jia Perkins was drafted by the Charlotte Sting during the college draft.
The 2014–15 Charlotte Hornets season was the franchise's 25th season in the National Basketball Association.
The 2014–15 Charlotte Hornets season was the team's first year as the Charlotte Hornets since 2002.
The team had been known as the Charlotte Bobcats since its revival in 2004.
The team formally changed its name to the Hornets on May 20, 2014.
When the team formally changed its name to the Hornets, the team also reclaimed the history and records of the original Charlotte Hornets franchise.
The original Charlotte Hornets franchise existed from the 1988–89 NBA season through the 2001–02 NBA season.
The New Orleans Pelicans retained the remaining history that exists under the New Orleans Hornets name.
The history retained by the New Orleans Pelicans exists from the 2002–03 NBA season through the 2012–13 NBA season.
The team was led by head coach Steve Clifford.
The team had assistant coaches Patrick Ewing, Bob Beyer, Stephen Silas, Bob Weiss, and Mark Price.
The iconic score to the film 'Alien' was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
The score to the film 'Alien' is considered by some to be one of Jerry Goldsmith's best scores.
The score to the film 'Alien' is considered by some to be one of Jerry Goldsmith's most visceral scores.
Jerry Goldsmith creates a bleak and dissonant soundscape for the film 'Alien'.
The bleak and dissonant soundscape fits the film's dark and intense atmosphere.
The score to the film 'Alien' includes only a few 'romantic' cues.
Christus Apollo: Cantata Celebrating the Eighth Day of Creation and the Promise of the Ninth is a cantata in four movements.
The cantata is for narrator, mezzo-soprano, choir, and orchestra.
The text of the cantata is based on a text by Ray Bradbury.
Ray Bradbury was a science fiction author.
The cantata was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
Jerry Goldsmith was an American composer.
The piece was commissioned by the California Chamber Symphony in 1969.
The cantata premiered later in 1969 in Royce Hall at UCLA.
The narration of the cantata was performed by Charlton Heston.
Charlton Heston starred in the 1968 film, 'Planet of the Apes'.
Jerry Goldsmith composed the musical score for the 1968 film, 'Planet of the Apes'.
Mulan: An Original Walt Disney Records Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the 1998 Disney animated feature film, Mulan.
Walt Disney Records released the album on June 2, 1998.
The album featured songs by Matthew Wilder.
The album featured songs by David Zippel.
Paul Bogaev conducted the songs in the album.
Jerry Goldsmith composed and conducted the score for the album.
Lea Salonga was a vocalist included in the album.
Donny Osmond was a vocalist included in the album.
98 Degrees was a vocal group included in the album.
Jaz Coleman was a vocalist included in the album.
Stevie Wonder was a vocalist included in the album.
Christina Aguilera was a vocalist included in the album.
The Music of Jerry Goldsmith is a musical film score.
The Music of Jerry Goldsmith was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
Jerry Goldsmith was an American composer.
The Music of Jerry Goldsmith was released in 1986.
The Music of Jerry Goldsmith was released for the worldwide release of the film of the same name.
The Music of Jerry Goldsmith was excluded from the US release.
The album of The Music of Jerry Goldsmith was released on compact disc in 1992.
The album of The Music of Jerry Goldsmith was released through Silva Screen records.
The album of The Music of Jerry Goldsmith featured alternate cover art.
The album of The Music of Jerry Goldsmith featured additional songs.
The score to the 1986 James Cameron film 'Aliens' was composed by James Horner.
The score includes musical references to Gayane's Adagio from Aram Khachaturian's 'Gayane' ballet suite.
Gayane's Adagio had been used in Stanley Kubrick's film released in 1968.
The score uses musical motifs, sound treatments, and excerpts from Jerry Goldsmith's original soundtrack to 'Alien' released in 1979.
Additional cues taken from Jerry Goldsmith's 'Alien' score were used in the climax of the film.
James Horner was unable to finish some cues to James Cameron's satisfaction.
The film's editors reportedly altered the score's chronological flow.
The film's editors sometimes looped, truncated, or removed the music.
The music was placed in fragmented form in the film out of context.
Despite production issues, the score was nominated for an Academy Award in 1986.
The score was performed by the London Symphony Orchestra.
The soundtrack album was released the following year, in 1987.
Innerspace is a 1987 American science fiction comedy film.
Joe Dante directed Innerspace.
Michael Finnell produced Innerspace.
Steven Spielberg served as the executive producer of Innerspace.
Innerspace was inspired by the 1966 science fiction film 'Fantastic Voyage'.
Dennis Quaid stars in Innerspace.
Martin Short stars in Innerspace.
Meg Ryan stars in Innerspace.
Robert Picardo appears in Innerspace.
Kevin McCarthy appears in Innerspace.
Jerry Goldsmith composed the music for Innerspace.
Innerspace earned well over $25 million in its domestic gross revenue.
Innerspace won an Oscar.
Innerspace is the only film directed by Joe Dante that won an Oscar.
L.A. Confidential is either the original soundtrack or the original film score.
The original soundtrack is on the Restless Records label.
The original soundtrack features mainly songs and source music.
The original film score is on Varèse Sarabande Records.
L.A. Confidential is a 1997 Academy Award-winning film.
L.A. Confidential is a 1997 Golden Globe Award-winning film.
The film 'L.A. Confidential' stars Kevin Spacey.
The film 'L.A. Confidential' stars Russell Crowe.
The film 'L.A. Confidential' stars Guy Pearce.
The film 'L.A. Confidential' stars James Cromwell.
The film 'L.A. Confidential' stars Danny DeVito.
The film 'L.A. Confidential' stars Kim Basinger.
Kim Basinger won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the film 'L.A. Confidential'.
The original score for 'L.A. Confidential' was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
Star Trek: Nemesis – Music from the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack album for the 2002 film.
The soundtrack was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
The soundtrack was released on December 10, 2002 through Varèse Sarabande.
The soundtrack features fourteen tracks of score.
The running time of the soundtrack is just over forty-eight minutes.
Bootleg versions containing the entire score have since been released.
A deluxe edition soundtrack limited to 5000 copies was released on January 6, 2014.
The deluxe edition soundtrack was released by Varèse Sarabande.
Total Recall is a 1990 American science-fiction action film.
Paul Verhoeven directed Total Recall.
Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in Total Recall.
Rachel Ticotin starred in Total Recall.
Sharon Stone starred in Total Recall.
Ronny Cox starred in Total Recall.
Michael Ironside starred in Total Recall.
Total Recall is loosely based on the Philip K. Dick short story titled 'We Can Remember It for You Wholesale'.
Total Recall tells the story of a construction worker.
The construction worker is having troubling dreams about Mars.
The construction worker is having troubling dreams about a mysterious woman on Mars.
Total Recall was written by Ronald Shusett.
Total Recall was written by Dan O'Bannon.
Total Recall was written by Jon Povill.
Total Recall was written by Gary Goldman.
Total Recall won a Special Achievement Academy Award for its visual effects.
The original score for Total Recall was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
The original score composed by Jerry Goldsmith won the BMI Film Music Award.
Lionheart is a 1987 adventure film.
Lionheart is also known as Lionheart: The Children's Crusade.
Franklin J. Schaffner directed Lionheart.
Talia Shire produced Lionheart.
Stanley O'Toole produced Lionheart.
Francis Ford Coppola is Talia Shire's brother.
Francis Ford Coppola initially planned to direct Lionheart.
Francis Ford Coppola opted to be the executive producer of Lionheart.
Jack Schwartzman is Talia Shire's husband.
Jack Schwartzman was also an executive producer of Lionheart.
Menno Meyjes wrote the screenplay for Lionheart.
Richard Outten wrote the screenplay for Lionheart.
Menno Meyjes created the story for Lionheart.
Jerry Goldsmith composed the score for Lionheart.
Lionheart was released in August 1987.
Orion Pictures distributed Lionheart.
Jane Marcus was a pioneering feminist literary scholar.
Jane Marcus specialized in women writers of the Modernist era.
Jane Marcus focused on the social and political context of the writings of women writers.
Jane Marcus focused on Virginia Woolf.
Jane Marcus focused on Rebecca West.
Jane Marcus focused on Nancy Cunard.
Jane Marcus devised groundbreaking analyses of Virginia Woolf's writings.
Jane Marcus's analyses upended a generation of criticism.
The generation of criticism ignored feminist themes in much of Virginia Woolf's work.
The generation of criticism ignored pacifist themes in much of Virginia Woolf's work.
The generation of criticism ignored socialist themes in much of Virginia Woolf's work.
The generation of criticism ignored Virginia Woolf's critique of imperialism.
The generation of criticism ignored Virginia Woolf's critique of bourgeois society.
Jane Marcus's understanding of Virginia Woolf's place within the larger context of English literature has become prevailing wisdom today.
Jane Marcus's theorization and research have affected various fields.
Jane Marcus's positions were controversial when they were originally formulated.
Jane Marcus garnered much opposition from earlier scholars and critics.
The Flash Girls are a now defunct folk music duo.
The Flash Girls were based out of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The duo consisted of Emma Bull and Lorraine Garland.
Emma Bull is a noted science fiction author.
Lorraine Garland is also known as 'The Fabulous Lorraine'.
Lorraine Garland is notable as Neil Gaiman's personal assistant.
The group formed at a Guy Fawkes Day party at Neil Gaiman's home.
Emma Bull and Lorraine Garland had connections with the science fiction and fantasy communities.
The connections that both Emma Bull and Lorraine Garland had with the science fiction and fantasy communities allowed them to have an unusually notable group of people writing songs for and with them.
Notable people who wrote songs for and with Emma Bull and Lorraine Garland include Jane Yolen, Alan Moore, and Neil Gaiman.
The songs of The Flash Girls are mixed in with their own original works.
The Flash Girls performed traditional songs such as 'Star of the County Down' and 'Lily of the West'.
The Flash Girls also performed poems put to music.
The poems put to music include works by Dorothy Parker and A.A. Milne.
The Duchess and the Jeweller is a short story.
The Duchess and the Jeweller was published in 1938.
Virginia Woolf is the author of The Duchess and the Jeweller.
Virginia Woolf was an advocate of addressing the stream of consciousness.
Virginia Woolf shows the thoughts and actions of a greedy jeweller in The Duchess and the Jeweller.
Virginia Woolf makes a thematic point that corrupt people do corrupt actions for purely selfish motives.
Corrupt people often act without regret.
The Duchess and the Jeweller was first published in British Harper's Bazaar Magazine in April 1938.
The Duchess and the Jeweller was subsequently published posthumously in 1944.
The Duchess and the Jeweller was included in the collection A Haunted House and Other Short Stories.
Me! I'm Afraid of Virginia Woolf is a 1978 television play.
Alan Bennett is the author of Me! I'm Afraid of Virginia Woolf.
Me! I'm Afraid of Virginia Woolf was produced by London Weekend Television.
Stephen Frears is the director of Me! I'm Afraid of Virginia Woolf.
The title of Me! I'm Afraid of Virginia Woolf is a parody of 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?'.
'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' plays on the title of the Disney song 'Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?'.
Orlando: A Biography is a novel.
Virginia Woolf is the author of Orlando: A Biography.
Orlando: A Biography was first published on 11 October 1928.
Orlando: A Biography is a high-spirited romp.
Orlando: A Biography is inspired by the tumultuous family history of Virginia Woolf's lover and close friend.
Vita Sackville-West is the aristocratic poet and novelist who inspired Orlando: A Biography.
Orlando: A Biography is arguably one of Virginia Woolf's most popular novels.
Orlando: A Biography is a history of English literature in satiric form.
The book describes the adventures of a poet who changes sex from man to woman.
The poet in Orlando: A Biography lives for centuries.
The poet in Orlando: A Biography meets the key figures of English literary history.
Orlando: A Biography is considered a feminist classic.
Orlando: A Biography has been written about extensively by scholars of women's writing.
Orlando: A Biography has been written about extensively by scholars of gender studies.
Orlando: A Biography has been written about extensively by scholars of transgender studies.
Moments of Being is a collection of posthumously-published autobiographical essays.
Virginia Woolf is the author of Moments of Being.
The collection was first found in the papers of Leonard Woolf, who was Virginia Woolf's husband.
Quentin Bell used the collection in his biography of Virginia Woolf.
Quentin Bell's biography of Virginia Woolf was published in 1972.
In 1976, Jeanne Schulkind edited the essays for publication.
The second edition of Moments of Being was published in 1985.
The original texts of Moments of Being are now housed at Sussex University.
The original texts of Moments of Being are also housed in the British Library in London.
Freshwater is a two-act chamber opera.
Freshwater was composed by Andy Vores.
Freshwater is based on the 1929 comic play by Virginia Woolf.
Andy Vores received assistance in creating the opera from Quentin Bell.
Quentin Bell is Virginia Woolf's nephew.
Quentin Bell is Virginia Woolf's executor.
Quentin Bell provided a rarely seen earlier version of the text.
The earlier version of the text served as the inspiration for several passages of the libretto.
Pamela L. Caughie is a professor in the English Department at Loyola University of Chicago.
Pamela L. Caughie is the graduate program director in the English Department at Loyola University of Chicago.
As of 2010, Pamela L. Caughie is the president of the Modernist Studies Association.
Pamela L. Caughie received her PhD from the University of Virginia in 1987.
Pamela L. Caughie is a highly acclaimed Virginia Woolf scholar.
In 2010, Pamela L. Caughie was granted a National Endowment for the Humanities grant of $175,000.
The National Endowment for the Humanities grant was granted to Pamela L. Caughie to continue her work on an electronic edition of Virginia Woolf's 'To the Lighthouse'.
The Mark on the Wall is the first published story by Virginia Woolf.
The Mark on the Wall was published in 1917.
The Mark on the Wall was published as part of the first collection of short stories written by Virginia Woolf and Leonard Woolf.
The first collection of short stories written by Virginia Woolf and Leonard Woolf is called Two Stories.
The Mark on the Wall was later published in New York in 1921.
The Mark on the Wall was published as part of another collection entitled Monday or Tuesday.
Rev Dr Jane de Gay is a British academic.
Rev Dr Jane de Gay is a lecturer.
Rev Dr Jane de Gay has earned a reputation as an expert on the life and works of Virginia Woolf.
Dr Jane de Gay's works on Virginia Woolf include a series of articles.
Dr Jane de Gay's works on Virginia Woolf include a 2006 book titled 'Virginia Woolf's Novels and the Literary Past'.
The book 'Virginia Woolf's Novels and the Literary Past' was published by Edinburgh University Press.
Dr Jane de Gay's work has been recognised by the Virginia Woolf Society of Great Britain.
Dr Jane de Gay has co-edited four books on gender and theatre.
One of the books co-edited by Dr Jane de Gay is titled 'Languages of Theatre Shaped by Women'.
Lizbeth Goodman is a co-editor of the book 'Languages of Theatre Shaped by Women'.
Billy Boy is a traditional folk song.
Billy Boy is a nursery rhyme.
Billy Boy is found in the United States.
Billy Boy has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 326.
Billy Boy is a variant of the traditional English folk song My Boy Billy.
My Boy Billy was collected by Ralph Vaughan Williams.
Ralph Vaughan Williams published My Boy Billy in 1912.
My Boy Billy was published as number 232 in Novello's School Songs.
The song Billy Boy is very popular with the Orange Order.
"Aiken Drum" is a popular Scottish folk song.
"Aiken Drum" is a nursery rhyme.
"Aiken Drum" probably has its origins in a Jacobite song.
The Jacobite song is about the Battle of Sheriffmuir.
The Battle of Sheriffmuir occurred in 1715.
"Aiken Drum" has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 2571.
Tweedledum and Tweedledee are fictional characters.
Tweedledum and Tweedledee appear in an English nursery rhyme.
Tweedledum and Tweedledee appear in Lewis Carroll's 'Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There'.
The names Tweedledum and Tweedledee may have originally come from an epigram written by John Byrom.
The nursery rhyme has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19800.
The names Tweedledum and Tweedledee have become synonymous in western popular culture slang for any two people who look and act in identical ways.
The use of the names Tweedledum and Tweedledee in slang is generally in a derogatory context.
The nursery rhyme 'Girls and Boys Come Out to Play' or 'Boys and Girls Come Out to Play' has existed since at least 1708.
The nursery rhyme 'Girls and Boys Come Out to Play' or 'Boys and Girls Come Out to Play' has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 5452.
Row, Row, Row Your Boat is an English language nursery rhyme.
Row, Row, Row Your Boat is a popular children's song.
Row, Row, Row Your Boat can also be an action nursery rhyme.
In the action nursery rhyme, singers sit opposite one another.
In the action nursery rhyme, singers row forwards and backwards with joined hands.
Row, Row, Row Your Boat has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19236.
"Did You Ever See a Lassie?" is a folk song.
"Did You Ever See a Lassie?" is a nursery rhyme.
"Did You Ever See a Lassie?" is a singing game.
"Did You Ever See a Lassie?" has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 5040.
Lavender's Blue is an English folk song.
Lavender's Blue is a nursery rhyme.
Lavender's Blue dates to the 17th century.
Lavender's Blue has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 3483.
Lavender's Blue has been recorded in various forms since the 20th century.
Some pop versions of Lavender's Blue have been hits in the US charts.
Some pop versions of Lavender's Blue have been hits in the UK charts.
A Wise Old Owl is an English language nursery rhyme.
A Wise Old Owl has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7734.
A Wise Old Owl is listed in The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes, 2nd Ed. of 1997 as number 394.
The rhyme A Wise Old Owl is an improvement of a traditional nursery rhyme.
The traditional nursery rhyme is titled There was an owl lived in an oak, wisky, wasky, weedle.
Pretty Little Dutch Girl is a children's nursery rhyme.
Pretty Little Dutch Girl is a clapping game.
Pretty Little Dutch Girl is a jump-rope rhyme.
Pretty Little Dutch Girl has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 12986.
Three Little Kittens is an English language nursery rhyme.
Three Little Kittens probably has roots in the British folk tradition.
The rhyme as published today is a sophisticated piece.
The sophisticated piece is usually attributed to Eliza Lee Cabot Follen.
Eliza Lee Cabot Follen was an American poet.
Eliza Lee Cabot Follen lived from 1787 to 1860.
With the passage of time, the poem has been absorbed into the Mother Goose collection.
The rhyme tells of three kittens.
The three kittens first lose their mittens.
The three kittens then find their mittens.
The three kittens soil their mittens.
When all is finally set to rights, the kittens receive their mother's approval.
The kittens receive some pie.
The rhyme has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 16150.
Corporate synergy refers to a financial benefit that a corporation expects to realize when the corporation merges with another corporation.
Corporate synergy refers to a financial benefit that a corporation expects to realize when the corporation acquires another corporation.
Corporate synergy occurs when corporations interact congruently.
PRX-07034 is a selective 5-HT receptor antagonist.
PRX-07034 has cognition and memory-enhancing properties.
PRX-07034 potently decreases food intake in rodents.
PRX-07034 potently decreases body weight in rodents.
PRX-07034 was under development by Epix Pharmaceuticals.
Epix Pharmaceuticals was developing PRX-07034 for the treatment of obesity.
Epix Pharmaceuticals was developing PRX-07034 for the treatment of cognitive impairment associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Epix Pharmaceuticals was developing PRX-07034 for the treatment of cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia.
Epix Pharmaceuticals collapsed due to lack of funds.
Upon the collapse of Epix Pharmaceuticals, PRX-07034 was auctioned to another corporation.
Exxon was the brand name of the oil and natural resources company Exxon Corporation.
Exxon Corporation was prior to 1972 known as Standard Oil Company of New Jersey.
In 1999, Exxon Corporation merged with Mobil.
The merger of Exxon Corporation and Mobil formed ExxonMobil.
The 'Exxon' brand is still used by ExxonMobil's downstream operations.
The 'Exxon' brand is used as a brand for certain gas stations, motor fuel, and related products.
The highest concentration of Exxon gas stations, motor fuel, and related products are located in New Jersey.
The highest concentration of Exxon gas stations, motor fuel, and related products are located in Pennsylvania.
The highest concentration of Exxon gas stations, motor fuel, and related products are located in Texas.
The highest concentration of Exxon gas stations, motor fuel, and related products are located in the Mid-Atlantic states.
The highest concentration of Exxon gas stations, motor fuel, and related products are located in the Southeastern states.
Standard Oil Company of New Jersey was one of the Seven Sisters.
The Seven Sisters dominated the global petroleum industry from the mid-1940s to the 1970s.
The Oregon and Transcontinental Company was a 19th-century holding company in the United States.
Henry Villard organized the Oregon and Transcontinental Company in 1881.
The purpose of the Oregon and Transcontinental Company was to control the Northern Pacific Railroad.
The purpose of the Oregon and Transcontinental Company was to control the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company.
The Oregon and Transcontinental Company was incorporated in Oregon.
New Jersey passed legislation in 1889 to facilitate the control of other companies by another corporation.
The goal of the legislation passed by New Jersey in 1889 was to encourage trusts to convert into holding companies.
The goal of the legislation passed by New Jersey in 1889 was to encourage trusts to relocate to that state.
In 1890, the Oregon and Transcontinental Company re-incorporated as a holding company in New Jersey.
The Oregon and Transcontinental Company became the North American Company.
The purpose of becoming the North American Company was to take advantage of expanded corporate powers.
The purpose of becoming the North American Company was to invest in a wider range of businesses.
Mobil Producing Nigeria is one of three Nigerian subsidiaries of the petroleum company ExxonMobil.
Mobil Producing Nigeria began operations in 1955.
All operations of Mobil Producing Nigeria are offshore.
Mobil Producing Nigeria owns 90 platforms on 3200 km2 of territory.
Mobil Producing Nigeria is the second largest producer of crude oil in Nigeria after Shell.
Erha field/vessel is the recent offshore deployment of ExxonMobil FPSO in Nigeria.
ExxonMobil is partnering with Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation for the Erha field/vessel deployment.
A dummy corporation is an entity created to serve as a front or cover for one or more companies.
A dummy company is an entity created to serve as a front or cover for one or more companies.
A dummy corporation can have the appearance of being real.
A dummy corporation can have a logo.
A dummy corporation can have a website.
A dummy corporation can sometimes employ actual staff.
A dummy corporation lacks the capacity to function independently.
The sole purpose of the dummy corporation is to protect an individual from liability in either contract or import.
The sole purpose of the dummy corporation is to protect another corporation from liability in either contract or import.
The Religious Technology Center is an American non-profit corporation.
The Religious Technology Center was founded in 1982 by the Church of Scientology.
The purpose of the Religious Technology Center is to control and oversee the use of all of the trademarks, symbols, and texts of Scientology and Dianetics.
The Religious Technology Center controls the use of the trademarks, symbols, and texts of Scientology and Dianetics.
The works of Scientology and Dianetics are owned by another corporation.
The other corporation is the Church of Spiritual Technology.
The Church of Spiritual Technology is doing business as L. Ron Hubbard Library.
The Church of Spiritual Technology is registered in Los Angeles County, California.
Scott Parkin was born in 1969.
Scott Parkin was born in Garland, Texas.
Scott Parkin is an anti-war organizer.
Scott Parkin is an environmental organizer.
Scott Parkin is a global justice organizer.
Scott Parkin is a former community college history instructor.
Scott Parkin is a founding member of the Houston Global Awareness Collective.
Scott Parkin has been a vocal critic of the American invasion of Iraq.
Scott Parkin has been a vocal critic of corporations such as Exxonmobil.
Scott Parkin has been a vocal critic of corporations such as Halliburton.
Scott Parkin has worked as a campaigner for the Rainforest Action Network since 2006.
Scott Parkin has organized campaigns against Bank of America.
Scott Parkin has organized campaigns against Citibank.
Scott Parkin has organized campaigns against TXU.
Scott Parkin has organized campaigns against the Keystone XL Pipeline.
Scott Parkin also organizes with Rising Tide North America.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky was born on 23 January 1946.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky died on 23 March 2013.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky was a Russian business oligarch.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky was a government official.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky was an engineer.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky was a mathematician.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky was a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky was politically opposed to the President of Russia Vladimir Putin.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky opposed Vladimir Putin since Putin's election in 2000.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky remained a vocal critic of Vladimir Putin for the rest of his life.
In late 2000, the Russian Deputy Prosecutor General demanded that Boris Abramovich Berezovsky appear for questioning.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky did not return from abroad after the demand for questioning.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky moved to the UK.
The UK granted Boris Abramovich Berezovsky political asylum in 2003.
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky was later convicted in absentia of fraud and embezzlement in Russia.
The first charges against Boris Abramovich Berezovsky were brought during Primakov's government in 1999.
An Interpol Red Notice was issued for Boris Abramovich Berezovsky's arrest.
Russia repeatedly failed to obtain the extradition of Boris Abramovich Berezovsky from Britain.
The failure to extradite Boris Abramovich Berezovsky became a major point of diplomatic tension between Russia and Britain.
Yvonne Ridley was born on 23 April 1958.
Yvonne Ridley is a British journalist.
Yvonne Ridley was a chair of the National Council of the now defunct Respect Party.
Yvonne Ridley was captured by the Taliban in 2001.
Yvonne Ridley converted to Islam two years after her capture by the Taliban.
Yvonne Ridley gave her captors an understanding that she would study Islam if they agreed to release her.
Yvonne Ridley is a vocal supporter of Palestine.
Yvonne Ridley took up the cause of Palestine as a schoolgirl.
Yvonne Ridley is a critic of the political ideology of Zionism.
Yvonne Ridley is a vocal critic of Western media portrayals in the War on Terror.
Yvonne Ridley is a vocal critic of Western foreign policy in the War on Terror.
Yvonne Ridley has undertaken speaking tours throughout the Muslim world.
Yvonne Ridley has undertaken speaking tours throughout America.
Yvonne Ridley has undertaken speaking tours throughout Europe.
Yvonne Ridley has undertaken speaking tours throughout Australia.
Rachel Cooke is a journalist.
Rachel Cooke called Yvonne Ridley 'something close to a celebrity in the Islamic world.'
In 2008, Yvonne Ridley was voted the 'most recognisable woman in the Islamic world' by Islam Online.
Charmed is an American television series.
Charmed was originally broadcast by The WB.
Charmed was broadcast for eight seasons.
Charmed was broadcast from October 7, 1998, until May 21, 2006.
The series narrative follows a trio of sisters.
The trio of sisters is known as The Charmed Ones.
The Charmed Ones are the most powerful good witches of all time.
The Charmed Ones use their combined Power of Three to protect innocent lives.
The Charmed Ones protect innocent lives from evil beings.
Evil beings include demons and warlocks.
Each sister possesses unique magical powers.
The magical powers of each sister grow and evolve.
The sisters attempt to maintain normal lives.
The sisters attempt to maintain normal lives in modern-day San Francisco.
The main characters of the first three seasons were Prue, Piper, and Phoebe Halliwell.
Prue was portrayed by Shannen Doherty.
Piper was portrayed by Holly Marie Combs.
Phoebe Halliwell was portrayed by Alyssa Milano.
Shannen Doherty departed from the series in 2001.
Shannen Doherty's departure resulted in her character's death.
Rose McGowan replaced Shannen Doherty as the long-lost younger half-sister Paige Matthews.
Paige Matthews was introduced from the fourth season onwards.
The following list only contains characters that appeared in five or more episodes.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay is a Filipino soap opera.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay was produced by ABS-CBN.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay was produced by Star Cinema.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay started on July 8, 2002.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay ended on November 14, 2003.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay was critically acclaimed.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay was a top-rating teleserye.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay won the CMMA Best Drama Series.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay won the PMPC Star Awards Best Primetime Drama Series.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay is the first local soap opera that became a finalist to the Best Drama Series category of the International Emmy Awards.
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay was part of the top five drama series of the Asian TV Awards.
The fourth season of 'Charmed' began airing on October 4, 2001.
'Charmed' is an American supernatural drama television series.
The fourth season of 'Charmed' aired on The WB.
The fourth season of 'Charmed' aired on Thursdays at 9:00 pm.
The fourth season of 'Charmed' consisted of 22 episodes.
The fourth season of 'Charmed' concluded its airing on May 16, 2002.
The fourth season of 'Charmed' saw the introduction of Rose McGowan as Paige Matthews.
Paige Matthews is the half-sister to Prue, Piper, and Phoebe.
The opening credits of the fourth season of 'Charmed' underwent a slight alteration.
The alteration of the opening credits was due to the departure of Shannen Doherty as Prue in the third season.
Paramount Home Entertainment released the complete fourth season of 'Charmed' in a six-disc boxed set.
The complete fourth season of 'Charmed' was released on February 28, 2006.
Safe Harbor is an American television drama series.
Safe Harbor aired on The WB Television Network from September 20, 1999 to November 28, 1999.
Brenda Hampton created and executive produced the series Safe Harbor.
Brenda Hampton was best known for work on the fellow WB series 7th Heaven at the time.
The series Safe Harbor was paired with 7th Heaven on the network's Monday night lineup.
7th Heaven was the No. 1 show on The WB during the 1999-2000 season.
Safe Harbor was unable to hold a solid audience after 7th Heaven.
Safe Harbor was canceled after ten episodes and one season.
Safe Harbor moved to Sunday nights where the last two episodes aired.
Charmed is an American television series.
Constance M. Burge created Charmed.
Aaron Spelling produced Charmed.
Spelling Television is the production company of Aaron Spelling.
Brad Kern served as the showrunner for Charmed.
Charmed was originally broadcast by The WB.
Charmed aired for eight seasons.
Charmed was broadcast from October 7, 1998, until May 21, 2006.
The narrative of Charmed follows a trio of sisters.
The trio of sisters is known as The Charmed Ones.
The Charmed Ones are the most powerful good witches of all time.
The Charmed Ones use their combined 'Power of Three' to protect innocent lives.
The Charmed Ones protect innocent lives from evil beings such as demons and warlocks.
Each sister possesses unique magical powers.
The magical powers of each sister grow and evolve.
The sisters attempt to maintain normal lives in modern-day San Francisco.
Keeping their supernatural identities separate and secret from their ordinary lives often becomes a challenge for the sisters.
The exposure of magic has far-reaching consequences on the sisters' various relationships.
The exposure of magic results in a number of police and FBI investigations throughout the series.
The series initially focuses on the three Halliwell sisters.
The three Halliwell sisters are Prue, Piper, and Phoebe.
Prue is portrayed by Shannen Doherty.
Piper is portrayed by Holly Marie Combs.
Phoebe is portrayed by Alyssa Milano.
Prue dies in the third-season finale.
Following Prue's death, Paige Matthews assumes her place within the 'Power of Three'.
Paige Matthews is portrayed by Rose McGowan.
Paige Matthews joins the series from season four onwards.
Sarah Drew was born on October 1, 1980.
Sarah Drew is an American actress.
Sarah Drew is known for playing Hannah Rogers in The WB family drama series 'Everwood'.
The WB family drama series 'Everwood' aired from 2004 to 2006.
Sarah Drew is known for playing Dr. April Kepner in the ABC medical drama series 'Grey's Anatomy'.
The ABC medical drama series 'Grey's Anatomy' has been airing since 2009.
The Power of Three refers to any bond formed by three magical beings.
The magical beings can be good or evil.
The term is most commonly used to describe the bond between the Warren/Halliwell line.
The Charmed Ones are a specific group within the Warren/Halliwell line.
The bond of the Charmed Ones is said to be the most powerful magical force in history.
The original Power of Three included the Halliwell sisters Prue, Piper, and Phoebe.
Prue Halliwell was portrayed by Shannen Doherty.
Piper Halliwell was portrayed by Holly Marie Combs.
Phoebe Halliwell was portrayed by Alyssa Milano.
Prue Halliwell died in the third season finale of the series.
Following Prue Halliwell's death, Paige Matthews takes her place within the Power of Three.
Paige Matthews was portrayed by Rose McGowan.
Paige Matthews became part of the Power of Three from season four onwards.
Kerr Van Cleve Smith was born on March 9, 1972.
Kerr Van Cleve Smith is an American actor.
Kerr Van Cleve Smith is known for playing Jack McPhee on The WB drama series 'Dawson's Creek'.
Kerr Van Cleve Smith is known for playing Kyle Brody in The WB supernatural drama 'Charmed'.
Kerr Van Cleve Smith is known for playing Axel Palmer in 'My Bloody Valentine 3D'.
Kerr Van Cleve Smith is also known for portraying Carter Horton in 'Final Destination' (2000).
Rose Arianna McGowan was born on September 5, 1973.
Rose Arianna McGowan is an Italian-born American actress.
Rose Arianna McGowan is a film producer.
Rose Arianna McGowan is a director.
Rose Arianna McGowan is a singer.
Rose Arianna McGowan is best known to television audiences for having played Paige Matthews in The WB supernatural drama series 'Charmed' from 2001 to 2006.
Sophia Anna Bush was born on July 8, 1982.
Sophia Anna Bush is an American actress.
Sophia Anna Bush is a director.
Sophia Anna Bush is a spokesperson.
Sophia Anna Bush is an activist.
Sophia Anna Bush starred in The WB/CW drama series 'One Tree Hill'.
Sophia Anna Bush played the character Brooke Davis in 'One Tree Hill' from 2003 to 2012.
Sophia Anna Bush is known for her film roles in 'John Tucker Must Die'.
Sophia Anna Bush is known for her film roles in 'The Hitcher'.
Sophia Anna Bush is known for her film roles in 'The Narrows'.
Sophia Anna Bush starred in the NBC police procedural drama series 'Chicago P.D.' from 2014 to 2017.
Sophia Anna Bush played the character Det. Erin Lindsay in 'Chicago P.D.'.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin was born in Warrnambool.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin is an Australian professional boxer.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin competed in the super featherweight, light, light welterweight, welterweight, light middleweight, and middleweight divisions.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin was active as a boxer in the 1970s and 1980s.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin won the West Australia State welterweight title.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin won the West Australia State light middleweight title.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin won the Victoria State light middleweight title.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin won the Australian lightweight title.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin won the Australian light welterweight title.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin won the Australian welterweight title.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin won the South Seas Light Middleweight Title.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin won the Commonwealth light welterweight title twice.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin was a challenger for the Australian light middleweight title against Russell Sands.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin was a challenger for the Commonwealth light welterweight title against Jeff Malcolm.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin's professional fighting weight varied from 128 lb to 159 lb.
128 lb is classified as super featherweight.
159 lb is classified as middleweight.
Lawrence 'Baby Casius' Austin was inducted into the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame in 2008.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland was born in Bendigo.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland is an Australian professional welter/light middleweight boxer.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland competed in the 1990s and 2000s.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland won the Queensland State welterweight title.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland won the Pan Pacific welterweight title.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland won the Australian welterweight title.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland won the Oceanic Boxing Association welterweight title.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland won the Australasian welterweight title.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland won the Pan Pacific light middleweight title.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland won the World Boxing Organization Asia Pacific welterweight title.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland won the Commonwealth light welterweight title.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland's professional fighting weight varied from 143 lb.
143 lb is classified as welterweight.
Julian 'Fighting Farrier' Holland's professional fighting weight varied to 154 lb.
154 lb is classified as light middleweight.
Christopher Mark Algieri is an American professional boxer.
Christopher Mark Algieri was born on March 2, 1984.
Christopher Mark Algieri is a former kickboxer.
In boxing, Christopher Mark Algieri held the WBO junior welterweight title in 2014.
In boxing, Christopher Mark Algieri challenged for the WBO welterweight title in 2014.
In kickboxing, Christopher Mark Algieri was an undefeated ISKA World welterweight champion.
In kickboxing, Christopher Mark Algieri was an undefeated WKA World super welterweight champion.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray was born on 1 July 1971 in Georgetown.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray died on 26 January 2002 at the age of 30.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray was a Guyanese professional welter/light middle/middleweight boxer.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray competed in the 1990s and 2000s.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray won the World Boxing Council FECARBOX welterweight title.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray won the World Boxing Association Fedelatin welterweight title.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray won the Commonwealth welterweight title.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray was a challenger for the World Boxing Association World welterweight title against Ike Quartey.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray was a challenger for the World Boxing Union welterweight title against Michele Piccirillo.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray was a challenger for the World Boxing Organization North American Boxing Organization light middleweight title against Fathi Missaoui.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray's professional fighting weight varied from 145 lb, which is classified as welterweight, to 156 lb, which is classified as middleweight.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray was trained by Emanuel Steward.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray was the Vice-President of the Guyana Amateur Boxing Board.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray was training several young boxers.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray coached Hugo Lewis to the Guyanese super featherweight title on 26 December 2001.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray died in a traffic collision on the Soesdyke-Linden Highway.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray died early in the morning of Sunday 27 January 2002.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray had been in Linden promoting a fight card.
Andrew 'The Eagle' Murray was on his way back to Georgetown when he died.
Bernard 'Punching Postman' Paul was born on October 22, 1965.
Bernard 'Punching Postman' Paul is a Mauritian/British professional boxer.
Bernard 'Punching Postman' Paul competed in the light welterweight, welterweight, and light middleweight divisions.
Bernard 'Punching Postman' Paul was active as a professional boxer in the 1990s and 2000s.
Bernard 'Punching Postman' Paul won the British Boxing Board of Control Southern Area light welterweight title.
Bernard 'Punching Postman' Paul won the Commonwealth light welterweight title.
Bernard 'Punching Postman' Paul was a challenger for the World Boxing Organization Inter-Continental light welterweight title against Jon Thaxton.
Bernard 'Punching Postman' Paul was a challenger for the British Boxing Board of Control British light welterweight title against Mark Winters.
Bernard 'Punching Postman' Paul was a challenger for the World Boxing Organization Inter-Continental light welterweight title against Ricky Hatton.
Bernard 'Punching Postman' Paul's professional fighting weight varied from 138 lb, which is classified as light welterweight, to 149+1/4 lb, which is classified as light middleweight.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm was born on 9 May 1956 in Cowra, New South Wales.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm is an Australian professional boxer.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm fought from 1971 until 2002.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the Australian light welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the New South Wales State lightweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the Australasian light welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the South Pacific light welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the Queensland State welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the International Boxing Council welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the South Pacific welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the World Boxing Federation Intercontinental welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the World Boxing Federation welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the Pan Asian Boxing Association welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the World Boxing Association Fedelatin welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the Pan Asian Boxing Association light middleweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm won the Commonwealth light welterweight title.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm was a challenger for the South Seas light welterweight title against Pat Leglise.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm was a challenger for the Australian welterweight title against Wilf Gentzen.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm was a challenger for the World Boxing Organization welterweight title against Manning Galloway.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm's professional fighting weight varied from 135 lb, which is lightweight, to 165+1/4 lb, which is super middleweight.
Jeff 'Flash' Malcolm was inducted into the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame in 2007.
Ralph Charles was born on 5 February 1943.
Ralph Charles is an English amateur welterweight boxer.
Ralph Charles is a professional light welterweight boxer.
Ralph Charles is a professional welterweight boxer.
Ralph Charles is a professional light middleweight boxer.
Ralph Charles is a professional middleweight boxer.
Ralph Charles competed in boxing during the 1960s and 1970s.
Ralph Charles won the Amateur Boxing Association of England 1959 Junior Class-A title.
Ralph Charles won the Amateur Boxing Association of England 1959 Junior Class-A title against Kenneth 'Ken'/'Kenny' J. Cooper.
Kenneth 'Ken'/'Kenny' J. Cooper was from Warley ABC.
Ralph Charles boxed out of West Ham Boys & ABC.
Ralph Charles won the Amateur Boxing Association of England 1960 Junior Class-B title.
Ralph Charles won the Amateur Boxing Association of England 1960 Junior Class-B title against J. Harwood.
J. Harwood was from the National Association of Boys Clubs.
Ralph Charles was the runner-up for the 1963 Amateur Boxing Association of England welterweight title.
Ralph Charles was the runner-up for the 1963 Amateur Boxing Association of England welterweight title against Johnny Pritchett.
Johnny Pritchett was from Bingham & District ABC.
Ralph Charles boxed out of West Ham ABC.
Ralph Charles won the British Boxing Board of Control Southern Area welterweight title.
Ralph Charles won the British Boxing Board of Control British welterweight title.
Ralph Charles won the European Boxing Union welterweight title.
Ralph Charles won the Commonwealth welterweight title.
Ralph Charles was a challenger for the World Boxing Council welterweight title.
Ralph Charles was a challenger for the World Boxing Association World welterweight title.
Ralph Charles fought against José Nápoles for the World Boxing Association World welterweight title.
Ralph Charles's professional fighting weight varied from 140 lb to 157 lb.
140 lb is classified as light welterweight.
157 lb is classified as middleweight.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant was born on 29 September 1940.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant is a Jamaican professional boxer.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant competed in the featherweight, super featherweight, light welterweight, welterweight, and light middleweight divisions.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant was active as a boxer during the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant won the Jamaican lightweight title.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant won the Jamaican welterweight title.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant won the Central American light welterweight title.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant won the Latin American junior welterweight title.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant won the British Commonwealth lightweight title.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant was a challenger for the World Boxing Council (WBC) light welterweight title against Eddie Perkins.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant was a challenger for the World Boxing Association (WBA) World light welterweight title against Eddie Perkins.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant was a challenger for the Commonwealth welterweight title against Clyde Gray.
George Leslie 'Bunny' Grant's professional fighting weight varied from 125+1/2 lb, which is classified as featherweight, to 152+1/2 lb, which is classified as light middleweight.
Bunny Grant was managed by Jacques Deschamps.
Bunny Grant was managed by Pancho Rankine around 1962.
Bunny Grant was trained by Harry Wiley around 1962.
Zabdiel Judah was born on October 27, 1977.
Zabdiel Judah is an American professional boxer.
Zabdiel Judah is a four-time former world champion.
Zabdiel Judah was a champion in two weight classes.
Zabdiel Judah held the IBF junior welterweight title between 2000 and 2004.
Zabdiel Judah held the WBO junior welterweight title between 2000 and 2004.
Zabdiel Judah held the IBF junior welterweight title again in 2011.
Zabdiel Judah held the undisputed welterweight title in 2005.
Zabdiel Judah had a reign as the lineal champion from 2005 to 2006.
Fatai Onikeke is also known by the nickname 'Kid Dynamite'.
Fatai Onikeke was born in February 1983.
Fatai Onikeke is a Nigerian/Australian professional boxer.
Fatai Onikeke competed in the light welterweight and welterweight divisions.
Fatai Onikeke was active as a professional boxer in the 2000s and 2010s.
Fatai Onikeke won the Nigerian welterweight title.
Fatai Onikeke won the African Boxing Union (ABU) welterweight title.
Fatai Onikeke won the World Boxing Foundation (WBFo) Intercontinental light welterweight title.
Fatai Onikeke won the International Boxing Federation (IBF) Pan Pacific light welterweight title.
Fatai Onikeke won the Commonwealth welterweight title.
Fatai Onikeke was a challenger for the World Boxing Organization (WBO) Africa light welterweight title.
Fatai Onikeke was a challenger for the World Boxing Foundation (WBFo) light welterweight title.
Fatai Onikeke was a challenger for the World Boxing Organization (WBO) Oriental light welterweight title against Lance Gostelow.
Fatai Onikeke's professional fighting weight varied from 138.5 pounds, which is classified as light welterweight, to 146.5 pounds, which is classified as welterweight.
U Know What's Up is a 1999 hit song.
U Know What's Up is by Donell Jones.
Donell Jones is a singer-songwriter-producer.
U Know What's Up is from Donell Jones' second studio album, Where I Wanna Be.
The song features Lisa Lopes.
Lisa Lopes is a member of TLC.
U Know What's Up reached number one on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart on November 13, 1999.
U Know What's Up stayed at number one for eight consecutive weeks.
U Know What's Up peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100.
U Know What's Up remained at number seven for two consecutive weeks.
Outside the United States, U Know What's Up peaked within the top ten of the charts in the United Kingdom.
U Know What's Up was produced by Edward 'Eddie F' Ferrell.
Edward 'Eddie F' Ferrell is a producer.
U Know What's Up was produced by Darren Lighty.
Darren Lighty is a producer.
U Know What's Up was produced for Untouchables Entertainment.
U Know What's Up is Donell Jones's biggest hit to date.
U Know What's Up was co-written by Anthony Hamilton.
U Know What's Up serves as the opening track on LaFace Records.
The Broadway cast recording of the musical My Fair Lady was released as an album on April 2, 1956.
The songs of My Fair Lady were composed by Frederick Loewe.
The lyrics of My Fair Lady were written by Alan Jay Lerner.
Franz Allers conducted the Broadway cast recording of My Fair Lady.
The cast of My Fair Lady included stars Julie Andrews and Rex Harrison.
The album became a massive seller.
The album topped the charts on the US 'Billboard' 200 for fifteen weeks at different times in 1956.
The album topped the charts on the US 'Billboard' 200 for eight consecutive weeks in 1956.
The album topped the charts on the US 'Billboard' 200 in 1957.
The album topped the charts on the US 'Billboard' 200 in 1958.
The album topped the charts on the US 'Billboard' 200 in 1959.
In the UK, the album reached No.1 for 19 consecutive weeks upon its release in 1958.
The album became the biggest-selling album of the year in the UK.
The album was released on Columbia Records.
Goddard Lieberson was the President of Columbia Records.
Goddard Lieberson provided the $375,000 needed to stage the show in return for the rights to the Cast recording.
The album was later re-issued on Compact disc in 1988.
The album has been re-released a number of times since 1988.
The album is currently available with bonus tracks.
"Stay" is a song recorded by Sugarland.
Sugarland is an American country music duo.
"Stay" was released in September 2007.
"Stay" was the fourth and final single from the album "Enjoy the Ride."
"Enjoy the Ride" is an album released by Sugarland.
"Stay" is the group's eighth single to enter the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts.
"Stay" reached a peak position of #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts for four weeks.
"Stay" was stuck behind Taylor Swift's "Our Song" on the charts.
"Stay" has become Sugarland's signature song.
The music video for "Stay" was ranked #10 on CMT's 100 Greatest Videos.
Feel Good Inc is a song by the British virtual band Gorillaz.
Feel Good Inc features De La Soul.
Feel Good Inc was released as the lead single from Gorillaz's second studio album Demon Days on 9 May 2005.
The single peaked at No. 2 in the United Kingdom.
The single peaked at No. 14 in the United States.
Feel Good Inc topped the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart in the United States for eight consecutive weeks.
The achievement of topping the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart for eight consecutive weeks was a first for Gorillaz.
Feel Good Inc is the only song in Damon Albarn's career to reach the top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Feel Good Inc peaked in the top 10 in 17 countries.
Feel Good Inc reached No. 1 in Spain.
Feel Good Inc was listed in Pitchfork Media's Best Songs of the 2000s.
Feel Good Inc was listed in Rolling Stone's Best Songs of the 2000s.
Feel Good Inc won Best Pop Collaboration at the 2006 Grammy Awards.
Feel Good Inc has surpassed Clint Eastwood to be Gorillaz's most successful single worldwide.
Popdose ranked Feel Good Inc 26th on their list of 100 best songs of the decade.
Can't Touch It is a song.
Can't Touch It was created by Ricki-Lee Coulter.
Ricki-Lee Coulter is an Australian singer and songwriter.
Can't Touch It was written by Ricki-Lee Coulter.
Can't Touch It was written by Brian Kierulf.
Can't Touch It was written by Joshua M. Schwartz.
Brian Kierulf and Joshua M. Schwartz are associated with KNS Productions.
KNS Productions also produced the song Can't Touch It.
Can't Touch It was released as the lead single from Ricki-Lee Coulter's second studio album Brand New Day.
Brand New Day is the title of Ricki-Lee Coulter's second studio album.
Can't Touch It was released on 4 August 2007.
Upon its release, Can't Touch It peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart.
Upon its release, Can't Touch It peaked at number one on the ARIA Dance Singles Chart.
Can't Touch It remained at number one on the ARIA Dance Singles Chart for eight consecutive weeks.
Can't Touch It was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association.
The certification of platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association was for shipments of 70,000 copies.
Stay is a song by the UK based pop act Shakespears Sister.
Stay was released by London Records in January 1992.
Stay was the second single from the album Hormonally Yours.
Upon release, the single became a global smash hit.
Stay became Shakespears Sister's first and only No. 1 single in numerous territories.
Stay topped the UK Singles Chart for eight consecutive weeks.
Eight consecutive weeks is the longest UK No. 1 reign for any all-female band.
Stay was the fourth biggest selling single of 1992.
Stay held the No. 1 position in Siobhan Fahey's birthplace, Ireland, for six weeks.
Stay was a transatlantic hit reaching No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US.
No One is a song by Alicia Keys.
Alicia Keys is an American singer and songwriter.
No One is from Alicia Keys' third studio album, As I Am.
As I Am was released in 2007.
No One was written by Alicia Keys.
No One was produced by Alicia Keys.
No One was produced by Kerry Brothers Jr.
No One was produced by George M. Harry.
No One was released as the lead single of the album As I Am on September 11, 2007.
No One topped the Billboard Hot 100 for five consecutive weeks.
No One topped the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for 10 consecutive weeks.
No One charted inside the top 10 in most major markets.
I Don't Wanna Know is a song by Mario Winans.
Mario Winans is an American R&B artist.
I Don't Wanna Know features a rap by P. Diddy.
I Don't Wanna Know includes re-recorded background vocals by Enya.
I Don't Wanna Know samples the synthesizer riff from Enya's song Boadicea.
I Don't Wanna Know reached number 1 in the United Kingdom.
I Don't Wanna Know reached number 1 in the Netherlands.
I Don't Wanna Know reached number 2 in the United States.
I Don't Wanna Know was stuck at number 2 for eight consecutive weeks.
I Don't Wanna Know was behind the Usher singles Yeah and Burn for eight consecutive weeks.
I Don't Wanna Know remains Mario Winans' only major success to date.
I Don't Wanna Know stands in joint fifth place for the most weeks at number 2 by a song which did not go to number 1.
The songs that are ahead of I Don't Wanna Know in the most weeks at number 2 are Foreigner's Waiting for a Girl Like You, Missy Elliott's Work It, Donna Lewis's I Love You Always Forever, and Shania Twain's You're Still the One.
Cadillac is a 1989 album recorded by French singer Johnny Hallyday.
Cadillac was released in June 1989.
Cadillac achieved success in France.
Cadillac debuted at #1 for eight consecutive weeks on the SNEP albums chart on July 2, 1989.
Cadillac totalled 61 weeks in the top 50 on the SNEP albums chart.
Cadillac provided five singles in France.
One of the singles from Cadillac is 'Mirador', which reached #3.
Another single from Cadillac is 'Si j'étais moi', which reached #25.
Another single from Cadillac is 'Les Vautours...', which reached #30.
Another single from Cadillac is 'Himalaya', which reached #30.
Another single from Cadillac is 'Cadillac', which reached #39.
The lyrics of Cadillac were written by Étienne Roda-Gil.
Étienne Roda-Gil had worked in the 1980s with Vanessa Paradis.
The music of Cadillac was composed and arranged by Jacques Cardona.
The music of Cadillac was composed and arranged by David Hallyday.
The music of Cadillac was composed and arranged by Georges Augier.
The music of Cadillac was composed and arranged by Jean-Pierre Bucolo.
The music of Cadillac was composed and arranged by Jean-Claude Petit.
Cadillac was inspired by Antoine Laumet de La Mothe, sieur de Cadillac.
Antoine Laumet de La Mothe, sieur de Cadillac, was a French who founded Detroit in 1701.
Antoine Laumet de La Mothe, sieur de Cadillac, gave his name to the brand of luxury vehicles.
Billy Ray Cyrus is an American country music singer.
Billy Ray Cyrus is a songwriter.
Billy Ray Cyrus is an actor.
Billy Ray Cyrus is a philanthropist.
Billy Ray Cyrus helped make country music a worldwide phenomenon.
Billy Ray Cyrus has released 12 studio albums since 1992.
Billy Ray Cyrus has released 44 singles since 1992.
Billy Ray Cyrus is best known for his number one single 'Achy Breaky Heart'.
'Achy Breaky Heart' became the first single ever to achieve triple Platinum status in Australia.
'Achy Breaky Heart' was the best-selling single of 1992 in Australia.
Thanks to the video of 'Achy Breaky Heart', the linedance entered the mainstream.
The linedance became a worldwide craze.
Billy Ray Cyrus is a multi-platinum selling recording artist.
Billy Ray Cyrus has scored a total of eight top-ten singles on the Billboard Country Songs chart.
Billy Ray Cyrus's most successful album to date is the debut album 'Some Gave All'.
'Some Gave All' has been certified 9× multi-platinum in the United States.
'Some Gave All' is the longest time spent by a debut artist at number one on the 'Billboard' 200.
'Some Gave All' spent 17 consecutive weeks at number one on the 'Billboard' 200.
'Some Gave All' has the most consecutive chart-topping weeks in the SoundScan era.
'Some Gave All' is the only album in the SoundScan era to log 17 consecutive weeks at number one.
'Some Gave All' is the second-highest selling debut album by a male country artist after Garth Brooks.
'Some Gave All' ranked 43 weeks in the top 10.
Only one country album in history topped the total of 43 weeks in the top 10, which is 'Ropin' the Wind' by Garth Brooks.
'Some Gave All' was the first debut album to enter at number 1 in the Billboard Country Albums.
'Some Gave All' has sold more than 20 million copies worldwide.
'Some Gave All' is the best-selling debut album of all time for a solo male artist.
'Some Gave All' was the best-selling album of 1992 in the US with 4,832,000 copies sold.
In his career, Billy Ray Cyrus has released 35 charted singles.
Of the 35 charted singles released by Billy Ray Cyrus, 16 have charted in the top 40.
"Traitor's Gate" is the fourth episode in the first series of the British television series "Spooks".
"Traitor's Gate" first aired on BBC One in the United Kingdom on 4 June 2002.
"Traitor's Gate" first aired on a Tuesday.
The other first series episodes of "Spooks" aired on Mondays.
The episode "Traitor's Gate" was written by Howard Brenton.
The episode "Traitor's Gate" was directed by Rob Bailey.
The episode "Traitor's Gate" focuses on MI5 and MI6's efforts in taking down a terrorist cell.
The terrorist cell is targeted before they can succeed in attacking George W. Bush.
George W. Bush was the 43rd President of the United States.
The episode "Traitor's Gate" guest stars Anthony Head.
Anthony Head plays the character Peter Salter.
The episode "Traitor's Gate" guest stars Hugh Laurie.
Hugh Laurie plays the character Jools Siviter.
After its first broadcast, "Traitor's Gate" was seen by 6 million viewers.
"Traitor's Gate" had the lowest ratings in the first series.
The Farm is the seventeenth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office.
The Farm is the 192nd overall episode of The Office.
The Farm originally aired on NBC on March 14, 2013.
Matt Jones guest stars as Dwight's cousin Zeke.
Majandra Delfino guest stars as Dwight's sister Fannie.
Blake Garrett Rosenthal guest stars as Dwight's nephew.
Thomas Middleditch guest stars as Dwight's brother.
The Hard Easy is the twenty-third episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
Tom Herpich was a writer and storyboard artist for the episode The Hard Easy.
Skyler Page was a writer and storyboard artist for the episode The Hard Easy.
The story for the episode The Hard Easy was written by Patrick McHale.
The story for the episode The Hard Easy was written by Kent Osborne.
The story for the episode The Hard Easy was written by Pendleton Ward.
The episode The Hard Easy originally aired on Cartoon Network on October 1, 2012.
Brian Doyle-Murray guest stars as Prince Huge in the episode The Hard Easy.
Jonathan Katz guest stars as the Mudscamp elder in the episode The Hard Easy.
The Hard Easy is a 2006 American action crime drama film.
Ari Ryan directed The Hard Easy.
Jon Lindstrom and Tom Schanley wrote The Hard Easy.
The film stars Henry Thomas.
The film stars Vera Farmiga.
The film stars David Boreanaz.
The film stars Bruce Dern.
The film stars Peter Weller.
The film stars Gary Busey.
The film stars Nick Lachey.
The Hard Easy was released straight-to-DVD in the United States on May 22, 2007.
Roy's Wedding is the second episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office.
Roy's Wedding is the 178th episode overall of The Office.
The episode originally aired on NBC on September 27, 2012.
David Denman guest stars as Roy Anderson in the episode.
Michael Patrick McGill guest stars as Kenny, who is Roy Anderson's brother, in the episode.
Robert R. Shafer guest stars as Bob Vance in the episode.
Ameenah Kaplan guest stars as Val in the episode.
Brother from Another Series is the sixteenth episode of The Simpsons.
The Simpsons is an animated television series.
Brother from Another Series originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 23, 1997.
Sideshow Bob is released from prison into the care of his brother Cecil.
Sideshow Bob claims to be a changed man.
Bart does not believe Sideshow Bob.
Bart tries to find out what Sideshow Bob is up to.
Brother from Another Series was the first episode directed by Pete Michels.
Brother from Another Series was written by Ken Keeler.
The episode guest stars Kelsey Grammer in his sixth appearance as Sideshow Bob.
Kelsey Grammer is an actor.
The episode guest stars David Hyde Pierce as Cecil.
David Hyde Pierce is an actor.
The title Brother from Another Series is a pun on the movie The Brother from Another Planet.
The movie The Brother from Another Planet was used for a previous episode as well.
The title Brother from Another Series is also a reference to the fact that guest stars Kelsey Grammer and David Hyde Pierce played bickering brothers on the NBC sitcom Frasier.
Frasier is an NBC sitcom.
Moving On is the sixteenth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office.
Moving On is the 192nd episode overall of The Office.
The episode Moving On was written by Graham Wagner.
Graham Wagner is a writer.
The episode Moving On was directed by Jon Favreau.
Jon Favreau is a director.
The episode Moving On originally aired on NBC on February 14, 2013.
The episode Moving On guest stars Bob Odenkirk.
Bob Odenkirk is a guest star in the episode Moving On.
The episode Moving On guest stars Mary Gillis.
Mary Gillis is a guest star in the episode Moving On.
The episode Moving On guest stars Collette Wolfe.
Collette Wolfe is a guest star in the episode Moving On.
The episode Moving On guest stars Andy Buckley.
Andy Buckley is a guest star in the episode Moving On.
The episode Moving On features the return of former series regular Zach Woods as Gabe Lewis.
Zach Woods is a former series regular.
Gabe Lewis is a character portrayed by Zach Woods.
Web Weirdos is the third episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
Ako Castuera was a writer and storyboarder for the episode Web Weirdos.
Jesse Moynihan was a writer and storyboarder for the episode Web Weirdos.
The story for the episode Web Weirdos was written by Patrick McHale.
The story for the episode Web Weirdos was written by Kent Osborne.
The story for the episode Web Weirdos was written by Pendleton Ward.
The episode Web Weirdos originally aired on Cartoon Network on April 16, 2012.
Bobcat Goldthwait guest stars in the episode Web Weirdos.
Susie Essman guest stars in the episode Web Weirdos.
Adventure Time follows the adventures of Finn.
Finn is a human boy.
Finn is voiced by Jeremy Shada.
Adventure Time follows the adventures of Jake.
Jake is a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will.
Jake is Finn's best friend and adoptive brother.
In the episode Web Weirdos, Finn must help a grumpy spider couple reconcile.
The names of the grumpy spider couple are Barb and Ed.
Finn and Jake must reconcile the grumpy spider couple before they are eaten.
Andy's Ancestry is the third episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office.
The episode originally aired on NBC on October 4, 2012.
The episode was written by Jonathan Green.
The episode was written by Gabe Miller.
The episode was directed by David Rogers.
Randall Park guest stars in the episode.
Randall Park plays the role of Jim and Pam's actor friend, Steve.
Evicted! is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
The episode was written and storyboarded by Bert Youn.
The episode was also storyboarded by Sean Jimenez.
The episode is based on a story by Adam Muto.
The episode originally aired on Cartoon Network on March 18, 2010.
The episode served as a preview for the series.
The episode later officially aired on May 17, 2010.
The episode guest stars Erik Estrada.
Erik Estrada voices the character King Worm.
The episode marks the first appearance of Marceline the Vampire Queen.
Marceline the Vampire Queen is voiced by Olivia Olson.
Marceline the Vampire Queen would go on to play a larger role in the series.
Marceline the Vampire Queen serves as a friend and companion to Finn and Jake.
The 2006–07 Wigan Athletic F.C. season was the 29th season for Wigan Athletic F.C. in the Football League.
The 2006–07 Wigan Athletic F.C. season was the second season for Wigan Athletic F.C. in the Premier League.
Springfield Park was a multi-purpose stadium in Wigan.
Wigan is located in Greater Manchester.
Springfield Park was the home ground of Wigan Athletic F.C.
Wigan Athletic F.C. moved to the new JJB Stadium after the 1998–99 season.
The new JJB Stadium is now known as the DW Stadium.
At its largest, Springfield Park held 40,000 spectators.
Springfield Park existed for 102 years.
During its existence, Springfield Park only saw 32 years as a Football League venue.
Wigan Borough F.C. played at Springfield Park for 11 years.
Wigan Athletic F.C. played at Springfield Park for 21 years.
Springfield Park was demolished to make way for a housing estate in 1999.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is a league cup style football competition.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is commonly known as the First Citizens Cup for sponsorship reasons.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is open for Trinidad and Tobago teams.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is for teams competing in the country's TT Pro League.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is similar to the FA Trophy.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is played on a knockout (single elimination) basis.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is played in September and October towards the beginning of each Pro League season.
In the FA Trophy, 36 teams enter each season from the top three tiers of the Trinidad and Tobago football league system and the Secondary Schools Football League.
Only teams from the TT Pro League compete in the Trinidad and Tobago League Cup.
The knockout tournament was inaugurated in 2000.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is currently sponsored by First Citizens Bank.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is one of the three major domestic trophies attainable by Trinidad and Tobago league teams.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is perceived as a lower priority than the league championship.
The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is perceived as a lower priority than the FA Trophy.
The current theme of the Trinidad and Tobago League Cup is 'Where Winners Reign'.
The winner of the Trinidad and Tobago League Cup receives TT$110,000.
The runners-up of the Trinidad and Tobago League Cup receive TT$20,000.
Semifinal winners of the Trinidad and Tobago League Cup receive TT$7,000.
Quarterfinal winners of the Trinidad and Tobago League Cup receive TT$5,000.
Play-off round winners of the Trinidad and Tobago League Cup receive TT$3,000.
Wigan Athletic F.C. competed in the Football League Second Division during the 2002–03 English football season.
Wigan Athletic F.C. competed in the Football League Championship during the 2004–05 English football season.
The 2007–08 Wigan Athletic F.C. season was the club's 30th season in the Football League.
The 2007–08 Wigan Athletic F.C. season was the club's third season in the Premier League.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell was born on 23 March 1994.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell is an English professional footballer.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell plays for Wigan Athletic as a midfielder.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell began his career at Crewe Alexandra.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell initially played as a forward.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell made his debut at the age of 16.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell impressed for Crewe Alexandra during the 2011–12 season.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell scored in Crewe Alexandra's 2–0 victory in the League Two play-off Final.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell moved to Manchester United in July 2012.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell was unable to break into the Manchester United first team.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell went on loan to Wigan Athletic.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell went on loan to Leicester City.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell went on loan to Hull City.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell was released in June 2016.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell joined Wigan Athletic in July 2016.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell has represented England at under-16 level.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell has represented England at under-17 level.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell has represented England at under-18 level.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell has represented England at under-19 level.
Nicholas Edward 'Nick' Powell has represented England at under-21 level.
The 1978–79 season was the 41st season in the history of Wigan Athletic F.C.
The 1978–79 season was the first season for Wigan Athletic F.C. as a professional club in the Football League.
Wigan Athletic F.C. finished 2nd in the Northern Premier League during the previous season.
Wigan Athletic F.C. was nominated to apply for Football League status.
Wigan Athletic F.C. was elected into the Football League to replace Southport.
Wigan Athletic F.C. had a poor start in the league.
Wigan Athletic F.C. exceeded expectations in the league.
Towards the end of the 1978–79 season, a second consecutive promotion seemed possible for Wigan Athletic F.C.
Wigan Athletic F.C. eventually fell short of promotion.
Wigan Athletic F.C. finished the 1978–79 season in 6th place.
Wigan Athletic F.C. finished the 1978–79 season with a total of 55 points.
The 1979–80 season was the 42nd season in the history of Wigan Athletic F.C.
The 1979–80 season was the second season for Wigan Athletic F.C. as a professional club in the Football League.
Wigan Borough F.C. was an English football club.
Wigan Borough F.C. was based in the town of Wigan.
Wigan Borough F.C. was founded in 1920.
Wigan Borough F.C. joined the Lancashire Combination.
In 1921, Wigan Borough F.C. turned professional.
Wigan Borough F.C.'s application was accepted to play in the inaugural season of the newly formed Football League Third Division North.
Wigan Borough F.C. played in the Football League for ten seasons.
Wigan Borough F.C.'s most successful season came in 1928–29.
In the 1928–29 season, Wigan Borough F.C. finished fourth in the league.
In the 1928–29 season, Wigan Borough F.C. reached the third round of the FA Cup.
Wigan Borough F.C. folded during the 1931–32 season due to financial problems.
League football did not return to the town of Wigan until Wigan Athletic F.C. were elected into the Football League in 1978.
Roy Harper is a fictional superhero.
Roy Harper appears in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Roy Harper is one of DC's most longstanding characters.
Roy Harper originated in 1940s comics as Speedy.
Speedy is the teen sidekick of the superhero Green Arrow.
Roy Harper is a world-class archer.
Roy Harper is an athlete.
Roy Harper uses his exceptional marksmanship to fight crime.
Roy Harper goes on to become a core member of the superhero group the Teen Titans.
As an adult, Roy Harper casts off his Speedy identity.
Roy Harper establishes himself as the superhero Arsenal.
Roy Harper adopts the name Red Arrow for a time.
The name Red Arrow symbolizes Roy Harper's having become an equal of Green Arrow.
Roy Harper continues to serve as one of the Titans at various times.
Roy Harper has had leading roles in the superhero group the Seven Soldiers of Victory.
Roy Harper has had leading roles in the superhero group the Outsiders.
Roy Harper has had leading roles in the superhero group the Justice League.
Roy Harper has had leading roles in the superhero group the Outlaws.
Tara Strong was born Tara Lyn Charendoff.
Tara Strong was born on February 12, 1973.
Tara Strong is a Canadian–American actress.
Tara Strong has done voice work for numerous animations and video games.
Tara Strong has performed in various live-action productions.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include animated series such as 'Rugrats'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include animated series such as 'The Powerpuff Girls'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include animated series such as 'The Fairly OddParents'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include animated series such as 'Drawn Together'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include animated series such as 'Teen Titans'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include the spin-off series 'Teen Titans Go!'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include video games such as 'Mortal Kombat X'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include video games such as 'Final Fantasy X-2'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include the ''' series.
Tara Strong's portrayals have garnered nominations in the Annie Awards.
Tara Strong's portrayals have garnered nominations in the Daytime Emmys.
Tara Strong has received an award from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.
Teen Titans Go! is an American animated television series.
Teen Titans Go! is based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team.
The name of the DC Comics fictional superhero team is the 'Teen Titans'.
The series was announced following the popularity of DC Nation's New Teen Titans shorts.
Teen Titans is an American animated television series.
Teen Titans is based on the DC comics series of the same name.
The DC comics series of the same name was created by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani.
David Slack developed Teen Titans for Cartoon Network.
Teen Titans was produced by DC Entertainment.
Teen Titans was produced by Warner Bros. Animation.
Sander Schwartz served as the executive producer of Teen Titans.
Glen Murakami was one of the producers of Teen Titans.
Bruce Timm was one of the producers of Teen Titans.
Linda M. Steiner was one of the producers of Teen Titans.
Teen Titans follows the adventures of a team of crime-fighting teenaged superheroes.
The team consists of the leader Robin.
Robin is voiced by Scott Menville.
The team consists of the foreign alien princess Starfire.
Starfire is voiced by Hynden Walch.
The team consists of the technological genius Cyborg.
Cyborg is voiced by Khary Payton.
The team consists of the dark sorceress Raven.
Raven is voiced by Tara Strong.
The team consists of the green shapeshifter Beast Boy.
Beast Boy is voiced by Greg Cipes.
The first season of the animated television series Teen Titans originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
Teen Titans is based on the DC comics series created by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani.
Bob Haney was a creator of the DC comics series.
Bruno Premiani was a creator of the DC comics series.
David Slack was a television writer who developed the series.
The series was produced by DC Entertainment.
The series was produced by Warner Bros. Animation.
Scott Menville is one of the voice actors for the main characters.
Hynden Walch is one of the voice actors for the main characters.
Khary Payton is one of the voice actors for the main characters.
Tara Strong is one of the voice actors for the main characters.
Greg Cipes is one of the voice actors for the main characters.
Teen Titans Go! is an American animated television series.
Teen Titans Go! is based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the Teen Titans.
The series was announced following the popularity of DC Nation's New Teen Titans shorts.
New Teen Titans shorts are based on the 2003 Teen Titans TV series.
Teen Titans Go! is a more comedic take on the DC Comics franchise.
Teen Titans Go! deals with situations that happen every day.
Teen Titans Go! sports a new animation style.
Teen Titans Go! serves as a comedic spin-off with no continuity to the previous series.
Only certain elements are retained in Teen Titans Go! from the previous series.
Many DC characters make cameo appearances in Teen Titans Go!.
Many DC characters are referenced in the background of Teen Titans Go!.
The original principal voice cast returns to reprise their respective roles in Teen Titans Go!.
The Teen Titans are a fictional superhero team.
The Teen Titans are also known as the New Teen Titans.
The Teen Titans are also known as the Titans.
The Teen Titans appear in American comic books published by DC Comics.
The Teen Titans often appear in an eponymous monthly series.
The members of the Teen Titans are teenage superheroes.
Many members of the Teen Titans have acted as sidekicks to DC's premiere superheroes in the Justice League.
The Teen Titans first appeared in 1964 in 'The Brave and the Bold' #54.
The Teen Titans were founded by Kid Flash.
Kid Flash's full name is Wally West.
The Teen Titans were founded by Robin.
Robin's full name is Dick Grayson.
The Teen Titans were founded by Aqualad.
Aqualad's full name is Garth.
The Teen Titans adopted the name Teen Titans in issue 60.
Wonder Girl was added to the ranks of the Teen Titans.
Wonder Girl's full name is Donna Troy.
Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo is a 2006 television animated superhero film.
Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo is an adaptation of the DC Comics superhero team Teen Titans.
Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo is set in the milieu of the animated series Teen Titans.
The animated series Teen Titans ran from 2003 to 2006.
Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo premiered on Cartoon Network on September 15, 2006.
Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo premiered on Kids' WB on September 16, 2006.
David Slack was the head writer for the animated series Teen Titans.
David Slack returned for the movie Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo.
The fourth season of the animated television series 'Teen Titans' originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
'Teen Titans' is based on the DC comics series of the same name.
The DC comics series was created by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani.
David Slack is a television writer who developed the series 'Teen Titans'.
The series 'Teen Titans' was produced by DC Entertainment.
The series 'Teen Titans' was produced by Warner Bros. Animation.
The main characters of the series 'Teen Titans' are voiced by Scott Menville.
The main characters of the series 'Teen Titans' are voiced by Hynden Walch.
The main characters of the series 'Teen Titans' are voiced by Khary Payton.
The main characters of the series 'Teen Titans' are voiced by Tara Strong.
The main characters of the series 'Teen Titans' are voiced by Greg Cipes.
Tara Strong was born Tara Lyn Charendoff.
Tara Strong was born on February 12, 1973.
Tara Strong is a Canadian–American actress.
Tara Strong has done voice work for numerous animations and video games.
Tara Strong has performed in various live-action productions.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include animated series such as 'Rugrats'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include animated series such as 'The Powerpuff Girls'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include animated series such as 'The Fairly OddParents'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include animated series such as 'Drawn Together'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include animated series such as 'Teen Titans'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include the spin-off series 'Teen Titans Go!'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include video games such as 'Mortal Kombat X'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include video games such as 'Final Fantasy X-2'.
Many of Tara Strong's major voice roles include the ''' series.
Tara Strong's portrayals have garnered nominations in the Annie Awards.
Tara Strong's portrayals have garnered nominations in the Daytime Emmys.
Tara Strong has received an award from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.
The 122nd Battalion, CEF was a unit in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War.
The 122nd Battalion, CEF was based in Huntsville, Ontario.
The 122nd Battalion, CEF began recruiting in late 1915 in the Muskoka district.
The 122nd Battalion, CEF sailed to England in June 1917.
The 122nd Battalion, CEF was absorbed into the Canadian Forestry Depot on June 9, 1917.
The 122nd Battalion, CEF had one Officer Commanding.
The Officer Commanding of the 122nd Battalion, CEF was Lieut-Col. D. M. Grant.
The 122nd SS-Standarte was a regimental command of the Allgemeine-SS.
The 122nd SS-Standarte was formed in the city of Strasbourg during World War II.
The 122nd SS-Standarte was activated on November 12, 1940.
The 122nd SS-Standarte reached battalion strength by the end of the year 1940.
The command of the 122nd SS-Standarte was a successor to the previously disbanded 121st SS-Standarte.
The 121st SS-Standarte was also situated in Strasbourg.
In military terms, 122nd Division may refer to a specific military unit.
In military terms, 122nd Infantry Division may refer to a specific military unit.
The 122nd Infantry Division was a German division in World War II.
The 122nd Infantry Division is also known as '122. Infanterie-Division'.
The 122nd Infantry Division was formed on 5 October 1940.
The 122nd Fighter Aviation Squadron was an aviation squadron of the Yugoslav Air Force.
The 122nd Fighter Aviation Squadron was established in April 1961.
The 122nd Fighter Aviation Squadron was established as part of the 94th Fighter Aviation Regiment.
The 94th Fighter Aviation Regiment was located at Skopski Petrovac military airport.
The 122nd Fighter Aviation Squadron is also known in Serbo-Croatian as 122. lovačka avijacijska eskadrila.
The 122nd Fighter Aviation Squadron is also known in Cyrillic as 122. ловачка авијацијска ескадрила.
The 122nd Fighter Squadron is a unit of the Louisiana Air National Guard.
The Louisiana Air National Guard is part of the 159th Fighter Wing.
The 159th Fighter Wing is located at Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans, Louisiana.
The 122nd Fighter Squadron is equipped with the F-15C/D Eagle.
The 122nd Hydroplane Liaison Squadron was an aviation squadron of the Yugoslav Air Force.
The 122nd Hydroplane Liaison Squadron is also known as 'Serbo-Croatian: 122. hidroavijacijska eskadrila za vezu / 122. хидроавијацијска ескадрила за везу'.
The 122nd Hydroplane Liaison Squadron was formed on July 24, 1949.
The 122nd Hydroplane Liaison Squadron was originally formed as the 122nd Hydroplane Section.
The 122nd Hydroplane Section is also known as 'Serbo-Croatian: 122. hidroavijacijsko odeljenje / 122. хидроавијацијско одељење'.
The 122nd Hydroplane Section was part of the Yugoslav Navy.
The 122nd Infantry Regiment is an infantry regiment of the United States Army.
The 122nd Infantry Regiment is a component of the Georgia Army National Guard.
The 122nd Infantry Regiment traces its roots back to the year 1857.
The 122nd Infantry Regiment exists today as the 122nd Regiment–Regional Training Institute.
The 122nd Ohio Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
The 122nd Ohio Volunteer Infantry is also known as the 122nd OVI.
The 122nd Division was an infantry division of the Imperial Japanese Army.
The 122nd Division is also known by its call sign, the Maizuru Division.
The Maizuru Division is referred to in Japanese as 舞鶴兵団 (Maizuru Heidan).
The 122nd Division was formed on 16 January in Mudanjiang.
The 122nd Division was formed as a triangular division.
The 122nd Division was part of a batch of eight simultaneously created divisions.
The eight simultaneously created divisions comprised the 121st Division, the 122nd Division, the 123rd Division, the 124th Division, the 125th Division, the 126th Division, the 127th Division, and the 128th Division.
The nucleus for the formation of the 122nd Division was the 4th Independent Border Group.
The remnants of the 11th Division contributed to the formation of the 122nd Division.
Koningsdag is a national holiday in the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Koningsdag is also known as King's Day.
Koningsdag is celebrated on 27 April.
If the 27th is a Sunday, Koningsdag is celebrated on 26 April.
The date of Koningsdag marks the birth of King Willem-Alexander.
Garifuna Settlement Day is a public holiday in Belize.
Garifuna Settlement Day is celebrated each year on November 19.
Garifuna Settlement Day was created by Thomas Vincent Ramos.
Thomas Vincent Ramos was a Belizean civil rights activist.
Garifuna Settlement Day was created in 1941.
Garifuna Settlement Day was recognized as a public holiday in the southern districts of Belize in 1943.
Garifuna Settlement Day was declared a national holiday in 1977.
Garifuna Settlement Day celebrates the settlement of the Garifuna people in Belize.
The Garifuna people were exiled from the Grenadines by the British army.
The major festivities for Garifuna Settlement Day occur in the town of Dangriga.
The major festivities for Garifuna Settlement Day include parades.
The major festivities for Garifuna Settlement Day include street music.
The major festivities for Garifuna Settlement Day include traditional dancing.
White Sunday is a national holiday in Samoa.
White Sunday falls on the second Sunday of October.
The Monday following White Sunday is a public holiday.
White Sunday is a day for parents and communities to acknowledge and celebrate childhood.
Parents and communities host special programs during church services on White Sunday.
The special programs during church services include scriptural recitations.
The special programs during church services include biblical story reenactments.
The special programs during church services include creative dance performances.
Children receive gifts on White Sunday.
The gifts received by children on White Sunday often include new clothing.
The gifts received by children on White Sunday often include school supplies.
Children are allowed privileges normally reserved for elders on White Sunday.
The privileges allowed for children on White Sunday include being the first to be served food at family meal time.
Christmas in the Basque Country starts with the celebration of Santo Tomas on 21 December.
Santo Tomas is a celebration in which most people go out onto the streets to dance and eat talo with txistorra.
Txistorra is a type of Basque chorizo.
People wear a traditional outfit called the casera dress during Santo Tomas.
The casera dress for girls consists of a long skirt and a long-sleeved old-fashioned shirt with headscarves and aprons.
The casera dress for boys consists of a long black shirt, trousers, and a txapela.
Txapela is a traditional black beret.
The casera outfits are normally dark blue.
Casera outfits can come in many colors.
People wear caseras because that is what the people of the mountain wear.
The holiday of Santo Tomas used to celebrate the peasants who sold their goods in town.
Peasants came on Santo Tomas to pay rent to landlords in the city.
The Eighth was a federal holiday in the United States from 1828 until 1861.
The Eighth honored the Battle of New Orleans.
The Battle of New Orleans took place on January 8, 1815.
Tennessee's Andrew Jackson led a successful battle against regular British soldiers and freed slaves.
The holiday was celebrated widely across the US South after the final battle in the War of 1812.
"The Eighth" became an official national holiday in 1828.
The Eighth became an official national holiday following Andrew Jackson's election as President.
The Eighth continued as an official national holiday from 1828 until the advent of the American Civil War.
Jounen Kwéyòl is celebrated in Saint Lucia on the last Sunday of October across the entire island.
Jounen Kwéyòl has been held annually since 1984.
On the Sunday of Jounen Kwéyòl, various towns chosen to host this festival put out the result of their grand preparations.
Local dishes and foods are served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
Roast breadfruit is a local dish served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
Green Fig and Salt Fish is the National Dish of Saint Lucia.
Plantain is a local food served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
King fish is a local food served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
Manicou is a local food served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
Souse is a soup made with pork and often cucumber, served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
Fried bake and floats are local foods served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
Accra is a fried dough which contains salt fish, served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
Paime is otherwise known as Conkies and is served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
Bouillon is a famous dish known for being fish, chicken or meat stewed with dasheen, yams, plantains, banana and dumplings, served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
Local drinks such as Cocoa Tea, Golden Apple Juice, Guava Juice and more are served during Jounen Kwéyòl.
The event of Jounen Kwéyòl is collaborated with kweyol music.
Some kweyol music has been passed down to and from many generations.
The most widely used instrument besides vocals during Jounen Kwéyòl is the Tambos.
Tambos are beaten throughout Jounen Kwéyòl as people speak in the creole language and have a merry time.
Most people commemorate Jounen Kwéyòl by wearing the island's National Wear.
The Wob Dwiete is a type of National Wear worn during Jounen Kwéyòl.
Persons who do not want to wear the extreme layers of skirts and dresses make clothing out of special plaid material called Madras.
Madras is one of the cloths used in the national wear.
Mon Repos is one of the places that celebrate Jounen Kwéyòl every year.
Dennery is one of the places that celebrate Jounen Kwéyòl every year.
Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day is officially known in Quebec as the National Holiday.
Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day is celebrated annually on June 24.
June 24 is the feast day of the Nativity of St. John the Baptist.
In Quebec, Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day is a public holiday.
Festivities for Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day occur on June 23 and 24.
The festivities for Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day are publicly financed.
The festivities for Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day are organized by a Comité organisateur de la fête nationale.
The Comité organisateur de la fête nationale is the National Holiday Organizing Committee.
June 24 is also celebrated as a festival of French Canadian culture in other Canadian provinces.
June 24 is also celebrated as a festival of French Canadian culture in the United States.
Oranjegekte is a phenomenon in the Netherlands.
Oranjegekte is also known as Orange craze.
Oranjekoorts is another name for Oranjegekte.
Oranjekoorts is also known as Orange fever.
Oranjegekte occurs during major sporting events.
Oranjegekte occurs during international football championships.
Oranjegekte occurs during Koningsdag.
Koningsdag is an annual holiday celebrating the king's birthday.
Oranjegekte manifests itself in the wearing of orange clothing.
Orange clothing includes T-shirts, caps, and scarfs.
Oranjegekte involves lavish attention for sports and sports fans in the media.
Oranjegekte includes the decoration of cars in orange.
Oranjegekte includes the decoration of rooms in orange.
Oranjegekte includes the decoration of houses in orange.
Oranjegekte includes the decoration of shops in orange.
Oranjegekte includes the decoration of entire streets in orange.
Orange is the traditional color of the Dutch royal family.
The Dutch royal family is known as the House of Orange-Nassau.
Children's Day is a Japanese national holiday.
Children's Day takes place annually on May 5.
May 5 is the fifth day of the fifth month.
Children's Day is the final celebration in Golden Week.
Children's Day is a day set aside to respect children's personalities.
Children's Day is a day to celebrate children's happiness.
The Japanese government designated Children's Day as a national holiday in 1948.
Children's Day has been a day of celebration in Japan since ancient times.
Queen's Day is the former name of a national holiday in the Netherlands.
Queen's Day is the former name of a national holiday in the Netherlands Antilles.
Queen's Day is the former name of a national holiday in Aruba.
Queen's Day was celebrated from 1890 to 2013.
Queen's Day has since been renamed King's Day.
King's Day is also known as 'Koningsdag'.
King's Day was renamed to honor the birthday of King Willem-Alexander.
James Gunn was born on August 5.
James Gunn is an American screenwriter.
James Gunn is a director.
James Gunn is a producer.
James Gunn is a novelist.
James Gunn is an actor.
James Gunn is a musician.
James Gunn started his career as a screenwriter in the mid-1990s.
James Gunn wrote the script for 'Tromeo and Juliet' in 1996.
James Gunn wrote the script for 'Scooby-Doo' in 2002.
James Gunn wrote the script for the sequel to 'Scooby-Doo' in 2004.
James Gunn wrote the script for the 2004 version of 'Dawn of the Dead'.
James Gunn started working as a director.
James Gunn's directorial debut was with 'Slither' in 2006.
James Gunn wrote and directed the web series 'James Gunn's PG Porn'.
James Gunn wrote and directed the superhero film 'Super' in 2010.
James Gunn wrote and directed the superhero film 'Guardians of the Galaxy' in 2014.
James Gunn wrote and directed the superhero film 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' in 2017.
Tromeo and Juliet is a 1996 American independent transgressive romantic comedy film.
Tromeo and Juliet is a loose adaptation of William Shakespeare's Romeo & Juliet.
Tromeo and Juliet was produced by Troma Entertainment.
Lloyd Kaufman directed Tromeo and Juliet.
Lloyd Kaufman wrote the screenplay for Tromeo and Juliet.
James Gunn co-wrote the screenplay for Tromeo and Juliet.
James Gunn served as associate director for Tromeo and Juliet.
Romeo × Juliet is an anime television series.
Romeo × Juliet is loosely based on William Shakespeare's classical play, 'Romeo and Juliet'.
Romeo × Juliet includes numerous references and characters from other Shakespearean plays.
The anime borrows mostly from Shakespeare's story.
The manga adaptation of Romeo × Juliet differs extensively from the original.
Romeo × Juliet was broadcast in Japan on Chubu-Nippon.
The broadcast of Romeo × Juliet occurred from April 4, 2007 to September 26, 2007.
In 2009, Romeo × Juliet was dubbed into English.
Funimation Entertainment released the English dub of Romeo × Juliet.
William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet may be one of the most-screened plays of all time.
The most notable theatrical releases of Romeo and Juliet were George Cukor's multi-Oscar-nominated 1936 production 'Romeo and Juliet'.
The most notable theatrical releases of Romeo and Juliet were Franco Zeffirelli's 1968 film 'Romeo and Juliet'.
The most notable theatrical releases of Romeo and Juliet were Baz Luhrmann's 1996 MTV-inspired 'Romeo + Juliet'.
The latter two films, Franco Zeffirelli's 1968 film 'Romeo and Juliet' and Baz Luhrmann's 1996 MTV-inspired 'Romeo + Juliet', were both, at the time, the highest-grossing Shakespeare films.
George Cukor featured the mature actors Norma Shearer and Leslie Howard as the teenage lovers in his 1936 production 'Romeo and Juliet'.
Franco Zeffirelli populated his 1968 film 'Romeo and Juliet' with beautiful young people.
Baz Luhrmann produced a heavily cut fast-paced version of 'Romeo + Juliet' aimed at teenage audiences.
Romeo × Juliet is a 24-episode anime television adaptation of Romeo and Juliet.
Romeo and Juliet is a 16th-century tragedy originally written by William Shakespeare.
William Shakespeare was an English playwright.
William Shakespeare makes a cameo appearance in the series as a minor character.
The series was produced jointly by Gonzo and SKY Perfect Well Think.
Fumitoshi Oizaki was the main director of the series.
The series was first broadcast in Japan on Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting.
The series was first broadcast between April 4, 2007 and September 26, 2007.
The series was later broadcast by other Japanese television networks such as TBS, KBS Kyōto, and SUN-TV.
The series was broadcast in Hungary by Animax.
The series was broadcast in Italy by Rai 4.
Reiko Yoshida was the chief screenwriter for the series.
Hitoshi Sakimoto composed the music for the series.
The music was performed by Eminence Symphony Orchestra.
Tomohiro Yoshida was the sound director for the series.
The series used three pieces of theme music.
The opening theme was 'Inori (You Raise Me Up)' by Lena Park.
'Cyclone' by 12012 was the ending theme for the first 14 episodes.
'Good Bye, Yesterday' by Mizrock was the ending theme for episodes 15 to 23.
'Inori: You Raise Me Up' by Lena Park was used as a special ending for episode 24.
The anime is licensed in North America by Funimation.
The complete series was released in two sections.
The first half of the series, the 'Romeo Collection', was released on June 23, 2009.
The second half of the series, the 'Juliet Collection', was released on August 11, 2009.
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet is a popular reference to William Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet.
Juliet seems to argue that it does not matter that Romeo is from her rival's house of Montague.
Romeo is named Montague.
The reference is often used to imply that the names of things do not affect what they really are.
This formulation is a paraphrase of Shakespeare's actual language.
The actual language of Shakespeare is seen underlined below.
This scene is called the balcony scene by many people.
Juliet not only makes the statement above but also compares Romeo to a rose.
Juliet says that if Romeo wasn't named Romeo, he would still be handsome.
Juliet states that Romeo would still be her Love.
Juliet states that if Romeo wasn't named Romeo, then he wouldn't be a Montague.
Juliet would be able to get married with no problem at all if Romeo wasn't a Montague.
James Gunn's PG Porn is a web series.
James Gunn's PG Porn was created by brothers James Gunn, Brian Gunn, and Sean Gunn.
James Gunn is one of the creators of PG Porn.
Brian Gunn is one of the creators of PG Porn.
Sean Gunn is one of the creators of PG Porn.
PG Porn consists of a series of pornography spoofs.
A humorous event occurs just before the supposed commencement of pornographic sexual acts in PG Porn.
Each episode of PG Porn pairs a mainstream actor with a pornographic actress or model.
The tagline of PG Porn is, 'For people who love everything about Porn...except the sex.'
Romeo Montague is the protagonist of William Shakespeare's tragedy 'Romeo and Juliet'.
Romeo Montague is the son of Montague and his wife.
Romeo Montague secretly loves Juliet.
Juliet is a member of the rival House of Capulet.
Romeo Montague is forced into exile after slaying Juliet's cousin, Tybalt, in a duel.
Romeo Montague commits suicide upon hearing falsely of Juliet's death.
William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet is a 1996 American romantic drama film.
Baz Luhrmann directed, co-produced, and co-wrote Romeo + Juliet.
Gabriella Martinelli co-produced Romeo + Juliet.
Craig Pearce co-wrote Romeo + Juliet.
Romeo + Juliet is an adaptation and modernization of William Shakespeare's tragedy 'Romeo and Juliet'.
Leonardo DiCaprio stars in the leading role of Romeo in Romeo + Juliet.
Claire Danes stars in the leading role of Juliet in Romeo + Juliet.
Romeo and Juliet instantly fall in love when Romeo crashes a party and meets Juliet.
Romeo and Juliet are members of the Montague and Capulet families.
Brian Dennehy stars in a supporting role in Romeo + Juliet.
John Leguizamo stars in a supporting role in Romeo + Juliet.
Pete Postlethwaite stars in a supporting role in Romeo + Juliet.
Paul Sorvino stars in a supporting role in Romeo + Juliet.
Diane Venora stars in a supporting role in Romeo + Juliet.
The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet is a film adaptation.
The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet was released in 1982.
The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet is an adaptation of William Shakespeare's 'Romeo and Juliet'.
William Woodman directed The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet.
Alex Hyde-White starred as Romeo in The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet.
Blanche Baker starred as Juliet in The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet.
The National Intelligence Medal for Valor is a decoration of the United States Intelligence Community.
The National Intelligence Medal for Valor was formerly known as the Intelligence Community Medal for Valor.
The National Intelligence Medal for Valor is awarded by the National Intelligence Awards Program.
The National Intelligence Awards Program is led by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
Ground Intelligence Officer is a primary military occupation code of a U.S. Marine Corps intelligence officer.
Ground Intelligence Officers serve as staff officers in the operating forces.
Ground Intelligence Officers serve as commanders in the operating forces.
Ground Intelligence Officers are responsible for analyzing intelligence.
Ground Intelligence Officers are responsible for planning the deployment of ground surveillance and reconnaissance units.
Ground Intelligence Officers are responsible for the tactical employment of ground surveillance and reconnaissance units.
The Ground Intelligence Officer can be a Recon Marine after their training is done.
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency is an intelligence officer.
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency serves as the nation's highest-ranking military intelligence officer.
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency is nominated by the President.
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency is confirmed by the Senate.
As the chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Director is the primary intelligence adviser to the Secretary of Defense.
As the chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Director is the primary intelligence adviser to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency answers to the Director of National Intelligence.
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency answers to the civilian Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence.
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency is the Commander of the Joint Functional Component Command for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance.
The Joint Functional Component Command for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance is a subordinate command of United States Strategic Command.
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency chairs the Military Intelligence Board.
The Military Intelligence Board coordinates activities of the entire defense intelligence community.
The National Intelligence Cross is a decoration of the United States Intelligence Community.
The National Intelligence Cross is awarded under the National Intelligence Awards Program.
The National Intelligence Cross is awarded by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
The National Intelligence Cross is the highest award presented by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
The National Intelligence Cross is equivalent to the Central Intelligence Agency's Distinguished Intelligence Cross.
The National Intelligence Medal of Achievement is an award.
The National Intelligence Medal of Achievement was presented to members of the United States Intelligence Community.
Members of the United States Intelligence Community include both civilian and military personnel.
The National Intelligence Medal of Achievement recognizes significant acts of service to the community as a whole.
The National Intelligence Medal of Achievement was replaced with the National Intelligence Exceptional Achievement Medal.
The replacement occurred during the restructuring of the National Intelligence Community Awards Program.
The restructuring was associated with the revision of Intelligence Community Directive 655.
Intelligence Community Directive 655 pertains to the National Intelligence Awards Program.
The revision of Intelligence Community Directive 655 occurred in 2012.
The National Intelligence Superior Service Medal is an award of the National Intelligence Awards Program.
The National Intelligence Superior Service Medal recognizes an individual's superior service to the United States Intelligence Community.
The National Intelligence Superior Service Medal recognizes a lasting contribution over a long period of time to the United States as a whole.
The National Intelligence Superior Service Medal ranks below the National Intelligence Distinguished Service Medal.
The National Intelligence Superior Service Medal ranks above the National Intelligence Exceptional Achievement Medal.
The National Intelligence Board is a body of senior U.S. intelligence community leaders.
The National Intelligence Board was formerly known as the National Foreign Intelligence Board.
The Director of National Intelligence leads the National Intelligence Board.
The National Intelligence Board is tasked with reviewing National Intelligence Estimates.
The National Intelligence Board is tasked with approving National Intelligence Estimates.
Robert Suettinger was the national intelligence officer for East Asia at the National Intelligence Council.
Robert Suettinger served in this role from 1997 to 1998.
Bill Clinton was the President of the United States during Robert Suettinger's tenure.
Robert Suettinger oversaw the preparation of national intelligence estimates for the director of the Central Intelligence Agency.
Robert Suettinger's areas of specialty included the People's Republic of China.
Robert Suettinger's areas of specialty included the North Korean nuclear weapons program.
After working in the Clinton administration, Robert Suettinger became a senior analyst for the Brookings Institution.
Robert Suettinger wrote the book 'Beyond Tiananmen – The Politics of U.S.-China Relations, 1989-2000'.
Robert Suettinger is also a senior advisor at The Stimson Center.
The National Intelligence Reform Medal is an award of the United States Intelligence Community's National Intelligence Awards Program.
The National Intelligence Reform Medal recognizes extraordinary service in implementing the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act.
The National Intelligence Reform Medal ranks below the National Intelligence Superior Service Medal.
The National Intelligence Reform Medal ranks above the National Intelligence Exceptional Achievement Medal.
The National Intelligence Reform Medal was established on 23 May 2007 with the creation of the National Intelligence Awards Program.
The National Intelligence Reform Medal was retired in November 2010.
National Intelligence Estimates are United States federal government documents.
National Intelligence Estimates are the authoritative assessment of the Director of National Intelligence.
The Director of National Intelligence assesses intelligence related to a particular national security issue.
National Intelligence Estimates are produced by the National Intelligence Council.
National Intelligence Estimates express the coordinated judgments of the United States Intelligence Community.
The United States Intelligence Community is the group of 16 U.S. intelligence agencies.
National Intelligence Estimates are classified documents.
National Intelligence Estimates are prepared for policymakers.
The Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2015 was an event.
The Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2015 was part of the Association of Surfing Professionals.
The Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2015 was part of the 2015 ASP World Tour.
MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal is a professional surfing competition.
MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal was formerly known as 'Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal'.
MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal was formerly known as 'Rip Curl Pro Portugal'.
MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal is part of the ASP World Tour.
MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal is held every year in October.
MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal takes place at Supertubos beach in Peniche, Portugal.
The event was first founded in 2009.
The event was first founded as 'Rip Curl Search Portugal'.
The defending champion of MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal is John John Florence.
John John Florence was the 2016 WSL champion.
John John Florence won MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal in 2016.
Coco Malia Camille Hapaikekoa Ho was born on April 28, 1991.
Coco Malia Camille Hapaikekoa Ho is a professional Hawaiian surfer.
Coco Malia Camille Hapaikekoa Ho was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Coco Malia Camille Hapaikekoa Ho began surfing at 7 years old.
Coco Malia Camille Hapaikekoa Ho followed in the footsteps of her family.
Coco Malia Camille Hapaikekoa Ho has won over 25 surfing awards.
Coco Malia Camille Hapaikekoa Ho has been voted a top three fan favorite in Surfer magazine’s Surfer Poll.
The MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2016 was an event of the World Surf League.
The MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2016 was part of the 2016 World Surf League Men's Championship Tour.
Damien Hardman was born on January 23, 1966.
Damien Hardman is known as The Iceman.
Damien Hardman is a former Australian surfer.
Damien Hardman is from Sydney.
Damien Hardman won the Rip Curl Pro twice.
Damien Hardman won the Rip Curl Pro in 1988.
Damien Hardman won the Rip Curl Pro in 1993.
Damien Hardman was a runner-up three times.
Damien Hardman was a runner-up in 1989.
Damien Hardman was a runner-up in 1991.
Damien Hardman was a runner-up in 1997.
Damien Hardman won the ASP World Tour in 1987/88.
Damien Hardman won the ASP World Tour in 1991.
In 1999, Damien Hardman was inducted into the Australian Surfing Hall of Fame.
The MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2017 is an event of the World Surf League.
The MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2017 is part of the 2017 World Surf League Men's Championship Tour.
The Supertubos is a beach located in Peniche, Portugal.
The Supertubos is known for its great conditions of surfing.
The Supertubos has curvy waves and tubes.
The MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal is held every year at the Supertubos.
The MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal is one of the World Surf League Men's Championship Tour events.
The Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2014 is an event.
The Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2014 is an event of the Association of Surfing Professionals.
The Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2014 is part of the 2014 ASP World Tour.
Barton Lynch was born on August 9, 1963.
Barton Lynch is an Australian surfer.
Barton Lynch is known for his competitive prowess and style.
In 1988, Barton Lynch was crowned ASP World Tour Champion.
Barton Lynch won the 1991 Rip Curl Pro.
In 1998, Barton Lynch was inducted into the Australian Surfing Hall of Fame.
In 2000, Barton Lynch was inducted into the Australian Sporting Hall of Fame.
Philip Andrew Irons was an American professional surfer.
Philip Andrew Irons was born on July 24, 1978.
Philip Andrew Irons passed away on November 2, 2010.
Philip Andrew Irons learned to surf on the dangerous and shallow reefs of the North Shore in Kauai, Hawaii.
Over the course of his professional career, Philip Andrew Irons won three world titles in 2002, 2003, and 2004.
Philip Andrew Irons won three Quiksilver Pro France titles in 2003, 2004, and 2005.
Philip Andrew Irons won two Rip Curl Pro Search titles in 2006 and 2007.
Philip Andrew Irons achieved 20 elite tour victories.
Philip Andrew Irons won the Vans Triple Crown of Surfing four times from 2002 to 2006.
On September 3, 2010, Philip Andrew Irons won the Billabong Pro Teahupoo in Tahiti.
Philip Andrew Irons and his family hosted the Annual Irons Brothers Pinetrees Classic.
The Annual Irons Brothers Pinetrees Classic is a contest for youngsters.
The Governor of Hawaii declared February 13 forever 'Andy Irons Day'.
Philip Andrew Irons is the only surfer to have won a title at every venue on the ASP calendar.
Marion Christopher Barry was born in June 1980.
Marion Christopher Barry was born to Marion Barry and Effi Slaughter Barry.
Marion Barry was the father of Marion Christopher Barry.
Effi Slaughter Barry was the third wife of Marion Barry.
Marion Christopher Barry was the only child of Marion Barry and Effi Slaughter Barry.
Marion Barry had wanted to name Marion Christopher Barry Marion Barry III.
Effi Slaughter Barry was strongly opposed to the name Marion Barry III.
Marion Barry and Effi Slaughter Barry decided to give Marion Christopher Barry the middle name Christopher instead.
For most of his adult life, Marion Christopher Barry went by his middle name, Christopher.
Christopher Funk is an American musician.
Christopher Funk is a multi-instrumentalist.
Christopher Funk is best known as a member of the Portland, Oregon, indie rock band The Decemberists.
Christopher Funk plays guitar.
Christopher Funk plays pedal steel.
Christopher Funk plays piano.
Christopher Funk plays violin.
Christopher Funk plays dobro.
Christopher Funk plays hurdy-gurdy.
Christopher Funk plays mandolin.
Christopher Funk plays saxophone.
Christopher Funk plays the theremin.
Christopher Funk plays many other instruments.
Colin Meloy is a member of The Decemberists.
Colin Meloy stated information about Christopher Funk at the Pilgrimage Festival in Franklin, TN on September 27, 2015.
Christopher Funk was originally given the middle name 'Ryman.'
A clerical error on Christopher Funk's birth certificate resulted in his middle name being recorded as 'Lyman.'
Jeff Strabone is a Brooklyn-based American scholar.
Jeff Strabone is a political activist.
Jeff Strabone is a civic leader.
In 2016, Jeff Strabone's website 'directelection.org' listed the names and addresses of members of the U.S. Electoral College.
Jeff Strabone urged people to write to electors to ask them not to vote for president-elect Donald Trump.
Jeff Strabone's effort brought him national attention.
As a civic leader in Brooklyn, Jeff Strabone has been active in promoting theatre preservation.
As a civic leader in Brooklyn, Jeff Strabone has been active in building codes and housing issues.
As a civic leader in Brooklyn, Jeff Strabone has been active in hospital preservation.
As a civic leader in Brooklyn, Jeff Strabone has been active in traffic flow.
Jeff Strabone has been a leader of Brooklyn's Cobble Hill Association.
Brooklyn's Cobble Hill Association is a neighborhood preservation group.
Jeff Strabone is the co-founder and chairman of the New Brooklyn Theatre.
In 2008, Jeff Strabone changed his middle name to 'Hussein'.
Jeff Strabone changed his middle name to 'Hussein' as a show of solidarity with then presidential candidate Barack Obama.
Barack Obama was running for the office of president.
Barack Obama had been criticized for his Muslim-sounding middle name.
Jeff Strabone is an associate professor of English.
Jeff Strabone teaches British and African literature.
Jeff Strabone was granted tenure at Connecticut College in 2016.
Jeff Strabone commented about the post-election effort.
Bobbi Bacha is a Texas Private Investigator.
Bobbi Bacha was portrayed in the 2004 TV Sony Pictures Movie 'Suburban Madness'.
Sela Ward is the actress who played Bobbi Bacha.
Bobbi Bacha was involved in the case of New York millionaire Robert Durst.
Robert Durst was charged with murder in Galveston, Texas.
Robert Durst was charged with killing his neighbor Morris Black.
Robert Durst was found not guilty by a Galveston County Jury.
Suburban Madness is an American crime drama television film.
Suburban Madness is based on a true story.
Sela Ward stars as PI Bobbi Bacha in Suburban Madness.
Bobbi Bacha is a private investigator of Blue Moon Investigations.
Suburban Madness aired on CBS on October 3, 2004.
Latvian names consist of two main elements.
The first main element of Latvian names is the given name.
The given name is referred to as 'vārds'.
The second main element of Latvian names is the family name.
The family name is referred to as 'uzvārds'.
During the Soviet occupation from 1940 to 1991, the practice of giving a middle name was discouraged.
Since the restoration of Independence, Latvian legislation allows giving of up to two given names.
It has become more common to give a middle name to children in Latvia since the restoration of Independence.
In several cultures, people's names usually include one or more names in addition to the portion that is usually considered adequate to identify them.
In a number of cultures, a given name is expected to precede the surname.
In cultures where a given name is expected to precede the surname, such a name is likely to be placed after the given name and before the surname.
A name that is placed after the given name and before the surname is called a middle name.
In English-speaking American culture, the term 'middle name' is often applied to names occupying the position after the given name and before the surname.
The application of the term 'middle name' in English-speaking American culture is arguably mistaken.
The bearer of a name may insist that the name is being mistakenly called a 'middle name'.
The bearer of a name may assert that the name is actually a type of atypical case.
Barend is a Dutch male given name.
Barend is an occasional middle name.
As of 2014, there are over 4,000 men in the Netherlands with Barend as their first name.
As of 2014, there are nearly 3,000 men in the Netherlands with Barend as their middle name.
The name Barend was likely derived from Bernard.
There are notable people with the name Barend.
Singh is a title, middle name, or surname.
The title Singh originated in India.
The title Singh is derived from the Sanskrit word for lion.
Certain warrior castes in India adopted Singh as a title.
Guru Gobind Singh mandated the use of Singh for all Sikhs.
Several castes and communities later adopted Singh.
As a surname or a middle name, Singh is now found throughout the Indian subcontinent.
Singh is also found among the Indian diaspora.
Singh cuts across communities and religious groups.
Singh has become more of a title than a surname.
Milhouse Mussolini van Houten is a fictional character.
Milhouse Mussolini van Houten is featured in the animated television series 'The Simpsons'.
Pamela Hayden is the voice actor for Milhouse Mussolini van Houten.
Matt Groening is the creator of Milhouse Mussolini van Houten.
Matt Groening named Milhouse Mussolini van Houten after President Richard Nixon's middle name.
It is revealed later in the series that Milhouse Mussolini van Houten's middle name is 'Mussolini'.
The Embassy of China in London is the diplomatic mission of China in the United Kingdom.
The Embassy of China in London is China's only embassy in the United Kingdom.
The Embassy of China in London is alongside two Consulates-General in Edinburgh and Manchester.
The Embassy of China in London was established in 1877 as the Chinese Legation.
The London mission was China's first permanent overseas diplomatic mission.
The Embassy of China in London has served as the diplomatic mission of the Qing Empire.
The Embassy of China in London has served as the diplomatic mission of the Republic of China.
The Embassy of China in London has served as the diplomatic mission of the People's Republic of China since 1950.
The Embassy of China in London was the location of the Qing Empire's detention of Sun Yat-sen.
The detention of Sun Yat-sen was an important episode in the Chinese revolution of 1911.
The Embassy of China in London remains today the focal point for events relating to China held in the United Kingdom.
The Embassy of China in London includes celebrations in 2012 to commemorate 40 years of diplomatic relations between the United Kingdom and the People's Republic of China.
A diplomatic mission is a group of people from one state or an organisation present in another state.
The purpose of a diplomatic mission is to represent the sending state or organisation officially in the receiving state.
In practice, a diplomatic mission usually denotes the resident mission.
The resident mission is commonly known as the embassy.
An embassy is the office of a country's diplomatic representatives in the capital city of another country.
Consulates are diplomatic missions which are not performed in the capital of the receiving state.
A diplomatic mission may also be a non-resident permanent mission to one or more other countries.
There are resident embassies.
There are non-resident embassies.
In diplomatic usage, the term head of mission refers to the head of a diplomatic representation.
The term head of mission is abbreviated as HOM.
The term chief of mission is abbreviated as COM.
The term chief of mission comes from the French phrase chef de mission diplomatique.
The head of a diplomatic representation can be an ambassador.
The head of a diplomatic representation can be a high commissioner.
The head of a diplomatic representation can be a nuncio.
The head of a diplomatic representation can be a chargé d'affaires.
The head of a diplomatic representation can be a permanent representative.
The head of a diplomatic representation can be a consul-general.
The head of a diplomatic representation can be a consul.
Depending on the context, the term head of mission may also refer to the heads of certain international organizations' representative offices.
Certain other titles or usages that would qualify as a head of mission or equivalent also exist.
The diplomatic corps of several countries commonly uses the title deputy head of mission.
The title deputy head of mission is abbreviated as DCM.
The title deputy chief of mission is also commonly used for the second in command of a diplomatic mission.
A diplomatic bag is also known as a diplomatic pouch.
A diplomatic bag is a container with certain legal protections.
A diplomatic bag is used for carrying official correspondence or other items.
A diplomatic bag is used between a diplomatic mission and its home government.
A diplomatic bag is used between a diplomatic mission and other diplomatic, consular, or otherwise official entities.
The physical concept of a diplomatic bag is flexible.
A diplomatic bag can take many forms.
Examples of forms a diplomatic bag can take include a cardboard box, briefcase, duffel bag, large suitcase, crate, or even a shipping container.
A diplomatic bag usually has some form of lock attached to it.
A diplomatic bag usually has some form of tamper-evident seal attached to it.
The lock and/or tamper-evident seal is used to deter or detect interference by unauthorized third parties.
As long as a diplomatic bag is externally marked to show its status, it has diplomatic immunity from search or seizure.
The diplomatic immunity of a diplomatic bag is codified in article 27 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations.
A diplomatic bag may only contain articles intended for official use.
A diplomatic bag is often escorted by a diplomatic courier.
A diplomatic courier is similarly immune from arrest and detention.
The High Commission of Australia in London is the diplomatic mission of Australia in the United Kingdom.
The High Commission of Australia in London is located in Australia House.
Australia House is a Grade II listed building.
The High Commission of Australia in London is Australia's first diplomatic mission.
The High Commission of Australia in London is the longest continuously occupied diplomatic mission in the United Kingdom.
Alvaro Mexia was a 17th-century Spanish explorer.
Alvaro Mexia was a cartographer of the east coast of Florida.
Alvaro Mexia was stationed in St Augustine.
Alvaro Mexia was given a diplomatic mission to the native populations living south of St. Augustine.
Alvaro Mexia was given a diplomatic mission to the native populations living in the Cape Canaveral area.
The diplomatic mission resulted in a 'Period of Friendship' between the Spanish and the Ais native population.
The Embassy of Algeria in Islamabad is the diplomatic mission of Algeria to Pakistan.
The Embassy of Algeria in Islamabad is located at House No. 107, St. No. 9, in Sector E-7, Islamabad.
Pakistan was one of the first countries to recognise the Provisional Government of the Algerian Republic in 1958.
Algeria opened its diplomatic mission in Karachi in 1958.
Karachi was then the capital of Pakistan.
The Embassy of the United States of America to Kenya is also known as Embassy Nairobi by the State Department.
The Embassy of the United States of America to Kenya is located in Nairobi.
The Embassy of the United States of America to Kenya is home to the diplomatic mission of the United States to the Republic of Kenya.
The embassy opened in central Nairobi in 1964.
The United States established diplomatic relations with Kenya in 1964.
In 1998, the original embassy was the target of a terrorist attack.
A new embassy building was constructed in Gigiri, a suburb of Nairobi, in 2003.
The US diplomatic mission to Somalia is based at the Nairobi embassy.
The United States Mission to the European Union is the diplomatic mission of the United States to the European Union.
The United States Mission to the European Union is based in Brussels, Belgium.
The United States has maintained diplomatic relations with the European Union and its predecessors since 1953.
The first predecessor of the current mission was the United States diplomatic mission to the European Coal and Steel Community.
The United States diplomatic mission to the European Coal and Steel Community was located in Luxembourg.
The United States diplomatic mission to the European Coal and Steel Community opened in 1956.
In 1961, the United States Mission to the European Communities was established in Brussels.
The United States Mission to the European Communities later became the United States Mission to the European Union.
The United States Mission to the European Union was established in 1993.
Azerbaijan initiated diplomatic relations with Western and other countries since the Safavid dynasty in the 16th century.
The first diplomatic body of Azerbaijan, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, was established in 1918.
Azerbaijan was formed as a republic for the first time in 1918.
Mehmet Hasan Hacınkski became the first minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The parliament of Azerbaijan sent a diplomatic delegation to the Ottoman State after signing the first international document.
The first international document signed by Azerbaijan was the Pact of Peace and Friendship with the Ottoman State.
The Ottoman State became the first country recognizing the independence of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic (ADR).
The 'Friendship and Peace' treaty with Iran was signed on 20 March 1919.
The diplomatic mission of Azerbaijan started to work as a consulate in Tehran and other cities.
The successful revival of Azerbaijan's diplomatic efforts continued until the Russian army entered Baku on April 28, 1920.
The diplomatic delegation of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic attended the Paris Peace Conference in 1919.
A national democratic movement started in Azerbaijan in 1988-1990.
Azerbaijan restored its independence on 5 February 1991.
After restoring independence, Azerbaijan started to create bilateral relations with other countries.
Diplomatic missions have been established by Azerbaijan in foreign countries.
Today, Azerbaijan has embassies and consulates in more than 70 countries.
Recent diplomatic missions of Azerbaijan started to operate in Brazil, Australia, and Vietnam.
Network Analysis and Ethnographic Problems: Process Models of a Turkish Nomad Clan is an anthropological and complexity science book.
Douglas R. White is a social anthropologist.
Douglas R. White is affiliated with the University of California, Irvine.
Ulla Johansen is a social anthropologist.
Ulla Johansen is affiliated with the University of Cologne.
Network Analysis and Ethnographic Problems: Process Models of a Turkish Nomad Clan is considered an important publication in anthropology.
Network Analysis and Ethnographic Problems: Process Models of a Turkish Nomad Clan is considered an important publication in the political science of Central Asia.
Participant observation is one type of data collection method.
Participant observation is typically used in qualitative research.
Participant observation is a widely used methodology in many disciplines.
Cultural anthropology is one discipline where participant observation is widely used.
European ethnology is one discipline where participant observation is widely used.
Sociology is a discipline where participant observation is used less so.
Communication studies is a discipline where participant observation is used less so.
Human geography is a discipline where participant observation is used less so.
Social psychology is a discipline where participant observation is used less so.
The aim of participant observation is to gain a close and intimate familiarity with a given group of individuals.
The given group of individuals can be a religious group.
The given group of individuals can be an occupational group.
The given group of individuals can be a subcultural group.
The given group of individuals can be a particular community.
Participant observation involves intensive involvement with people in their cultural environment.
Participant observation usually occurs over an extended period of time.
The method of participant observation originated in the field research of social anthropologists.
Bronisław Malinowski was a social anthropologist.
Bronisław Malinowski had students in Britain.
Franz Boas was a social anthropologist.
Franz Boas had students in the United States.
The later urban research of the Chicago School of sociology contributed to the method of participant observation.
Social Anthropology is a quarterly academic journal.
Social Anthropology has been published since 2007.
Wiley-Blackwell publishes Social Anthropology on behalf of the European Association of Social Anthropologists.
Social Anthropology was established in 1992.
Cambridge University Press originally published Social Anthropology.
The current editors-in-chief of Social Anthropology are Sarah Green and Patrick Laviolette.
Articles in Social Anthropology are published in English.
Articles in Social Anthropology are published in French.
Muted group theory is developed by Edwin Ardener and Shirley Ardener in 1975.
Edwin Ardener is a social anthropologist.
Shirley Ardener is a social anthropologist.
Muted group theory describes the relationship between a dominant group and its subordinate group(s).
The dominant group contributes mostly to the formulation of the language system.
The language system includes the norms and vocabulary.
Members from the subordinate group have to learn and use the dominant-made language to express themselves.
The translation process may result in loss and distortion of information.
People from subordinate groups cannot articulate their ideas clearly.
The dominant group may ignore the voice of the lower-power.
All these factors may eventually lead to the mutedness of the subordinate group.
Muted group theory is initially developed to study the different situations faced by women and men.
Muted group theory can also be applied to any marginalized group that is muted by the inadequacies of their languages.
Symbolic culture is the ability to learn and transmit behavioural traditions from one generation to the next.
Symbolic culture involves the invention of things that exist entirely in the symbolic realm.
Symbolic culture is the cultural realm constructed and inhabited uniquely by Homo sapiens.
Symbolic culture is differentiated from ordinary culture.
Many other animals possess ordinary culture.
Symbolic culture is studied by archaeologists.
Symbolic culture is studied by social anthropologists.
Symbolic culture is studied by sociologists.
The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth is a learned society in the United Kingdom.
The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth is dedicated to promoting the academic discipline of psychosocial studies.
The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth is a member of the Academy of Social Sciences.
Aleksandar Bošković is a social anthropologist from former Yugoslavia.
Aleksandar Bošković published twelve books.
Aleksandar Bošković published several hundred articles and book reviews on history and theory of anthropology.
Aleksandar Bošković approaches anthropology from a transactionalist and comparative perspective.
Aleksandar Bošković is a Professor in the Department of Ethnology and Anthropology at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy.
Aleksandar Bošković is a Professor of Anthropology at the University of Donja Gorica in Montenegro.
Since 2 February 2017, Aleksandar Bošković heads the Department of Anthropological Research at the Institute of Social Sciences in Belgrade.
The Department of Anthropological Research is within the Center for Sociological and Anthropological Studies.
Aleksandar Bošković is the Director of Research at the Institute of Social Sciences in Belgrade.
Aleksandar Bošković was the Head of the Center for Political Studies and Public Opinion Research from 19 May 2009 to 1 February 2017.
Aleksandar Bošković previously taught at the University of St Andrews in 1994.
Aleksandar Bošković previously taught at the University of Belgrade in 1998 when it was part of Yugoslavia.
Aleksandar Bošković previously taught at the University of Brasília in Brazil from 1999 to 2001.
Aleksandar Bošković previously taught at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa from 2001 to 2003.
Aleksandar Bošković previously taught at Rhodes University in Grahamstown, South Africa from 2003 to 2006.
Between 2000 and 2014, Aleksandar Bošković taught in the Post-graduate Program in Anthropology of the Faculty of Social Sciences at the University of Ljubljana in Slovenia.
Just before the 2016 conference of the European Association of Social Anthropologists, Aleksandar Bošković was selected as the EASA Book Series Editor.
Aleksandar Bošković is co-convenor of the recently established History of Anthropology Network of the EASA.
Han Vermeulen is the co-convenor with Aleksandar Bošković of the recently established History of Anthropology Network of the EASA.
Coral Gardens and Their Magic is the final book in Bronisław Malinowski's ethnographic trilogy on the lives of the Trobriand Islanders.
Coral Gardens and Their Magic is also known as Coral Gardens and Their Magic: A Study of the Methods of Tilling the Soil and of Agricultural Rites in the Trobriand Islands.
Bronisław Malinowski was an anthropologist.
Coral Gardens and Their Magic concentrates on the cultivation practices used by the Trobriand Islanders to grow yams.
Coral Gardens and Their Magic concentrates on the cultivation practices used by the Trobriand Islanders to grow taro.
Coral Gardens and Their Magic concentrates on the cultivation practices used by the Trobriand Islanders to grow bananas.
Coral Gardens and Their Magic concentrates on the cultivation practices used by the Trobriand Islanders to grow palms.
Coral Gardens and Their Magic describes the gardens in which the Trobriand Islanders grew food as more than merely utilitarian spaces.
Coral Gardens and Their Magic describes the gardens in which the Trobriand Islanders grew food as works of art.
In 1988, Alfred Gell called Coral Gardens and Their Magic 'still the best account of any primitive technological-cum-magical system, and unlikely ever to be superseded in this respect'.
Coral Gardens and Their Magic has been described as Bronisław Malinowski's 'magnum opus'.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell was a British social anthropologist.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell's most influential work concerned art.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell's most influential work concerned language.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell's most influential work concerned symbolism.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell's most influential work concerned ritual.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell was trained by Edmund Leach.
Edmund Leach held an MPhil from Cambridge University.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell was trained by Raymond Firth.
Raymond Firth held a PhD from the London School of Economics.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell did his fieldwork in Melanesia.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell did his fieldwork in tribal India.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell taught at the London School of Economics.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell taught at other places.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell was a Fellow of the British Academy.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell died of cancer in 1997.
Alfred Antony Francis Gell was 51 years old at the time of his death.
Thomas Hylland Eriksen was born on February 6, 1962.
Thomas Hylland Eriksen is a Norwegian anthropologist.
Thomas Hylland Eriksen is currently a professor of social anthropology at the University of Oslo.
Thomas Hylland Eriksen was the 2015-2016 president of the European Association of Social Anthropologists.
Thomas Hylland Eriksen is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
The 2013 Birthday Honours were appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II.
The 2013 Birthday Honours were appointments to various orders and honours.
The 2013 Birthday Honours were intended to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of Queen Elizabeth II's Official Birthday celebrations.
The Birthday Honours are awarded during the month of June.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 15 June 2013 in the United Kingdom.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 10 June 2013 in Australia.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 3 June 2013 in New Zealand.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 15 June 2013 in Grenada.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 15 June 2013 in Papua New Guinea.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 15 June 2013 in the Solomon Islands.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 15 June 2013 in Tuvalu.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 15 June 2013 in Saint Lucia.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 15 June 2013 in Belize.
The 2014 Birthday Honours were appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II.
The 2014 Birthday Honours were appointments to various orders and honours.
The purpose of the 2014 Birthday Honours is to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of Queen Elizabeth II's Official Birthday celebrations.
The Birthday Honours are awarded during the month of June.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 14 June 2014 in the United Kingdom.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 9 June 2014 in Australia.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 2 June 2014 in New Zealand.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 14 June 2014 in Grenada.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 14 June 2014 in Papua New Guinea.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 14 June 2014 in the Solomon Islands.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 14 June 2014 in Tuvalu.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 14 June 2014 in Saint Lucia.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 14 June 2014 in Belize.
King's/Queen's Birthday Honours is the marking of the reigning monarch's official birthday in some Commonwealth realms.
King's/Queen's Birthday Honours involves granting various individuals appointment into national or dynastic orders.
King's/Queen's Birthday Honours involves the award of decorations and medals.
The honours are presented by the monarch or a viceregal representative.
New Year Honours are bestowed each year.
Birthday Honours are bestowed each year.
All royal honours are published in the relevant gazette.
All royal honours are published in the daily newspapers of each realm.
The 1925 Birthday Honours were appointments by King George V.
King George V was the monarch of the British Empire.
The appointments were made to various orders and honours.
The appointments were made to reward and highlight good works by citizens of the British Empire.
The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of King George V.
The appointments were published in 'The London Gazette' on 3 June 1925.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer was an Irish soldier.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer was a politician.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer was a racing horse owner.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer was a racing horse breeder.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer was born in County Tyrone.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer was educated at Wellington.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer joined the 7th Highlanders after military college.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer was appointed as Director of the Irish National Stud in 1915.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer became the Aga Khan III's first stud manager.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer received a knighthood in the 1925 Birthday Honours.
The 2016 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II.
Queen Elizabeth II is the monarch of the Commonwealth realms.
The appointments are to various orders and honours.
The appointments reward and highlight good works by citizens of the Commonwealth realms.
The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations.
The Queen's Official Birthday celebrations occur during the month of June.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 6 June 2016 in New Zealand.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 10 June 2016 in the United Kingdom.
The 2017 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II.
The 2017 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments to various orders and honours.
The purpose of the 2017 Queen's Birthday Honours is to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations.
The Queen's Official Birthday celebrations occur during the month of June.
The Queen's Birthday Honours for the United Kingdom were announced on 16 June.
The Queen's Birthday Honours for New Zealand were announced on 5 June.
The Queen's Birthday Honours for Australia were announced on 12 June.
The 2015 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II.
The 2015 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments to various orders and honours.
The purpose of the 2015 Queen's Birthday Honours is to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations.
The Queen's Official Birthday celebrations occur during the month of June.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 1 June 2015 in New Zealand.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 8 June 2015 in Australia.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 12 June 2015 in the United Kingdom.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were also announced on 12 June 2015 in Grenada.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were also announced on 12 June 2015 in Papua New Guinea.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were also announced on 12 June 2015 in the Solomon Islands.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were also announced on 12 June 2015 in Tuvalu.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were also announced on 12 June 2015 in Saint Lucia.
The Queen's Birthday Honours were also announced on 12 June 2015 in Belize.
The King's Birthday Honours 1951 were appointments in many of the Commonwealth realms.
King George VI made the appointments to various orders and honours.
The appointments were made to reward and highlight good works by citizens of the Commonwealth realms.
The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of King George VI.
The appointments were published on 1 June 1951 for the British Empire.
The appointments were published on 1 June 1951 for Australia.
The appointments were published on 1 June 1951 for New Zealand.
The appointments were published on 1 June 1951 for Ceylon.
The appointments were published on 1 June 1951 for Pakistan.
These were the last Birthday Honours awarded by King George VI.
King George VI died eight months after the appointments were made.
The Queen's Birthday Honours 1965 were appointments in many of the Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II.
Queen Elizabeth II made the appointments to various orders and honours.
The purpose of the appointments was to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of Queen Elizabeth II.
The announcement date of the Queen's Birthday Honours varies from year to year.
The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 12 June.
The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced for the United Kingdom.
The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced for Australia.
The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced for New Zealand.
The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced for Sierra Leone.
The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced for Jamaica.
The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced for Trinidad and Tobago.
The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced for Malawi.
The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced for the Gambia.
Miner Memorial Library is the public library of Lempster, New Hampshire.
Miner Memorial Library is located at 3 Second New Hampshire Turnpike.
The library occupies a single-story wood frame structure.
The single-story wood frame structure was built in 1845 as a church for a Universalist congregation.
The building underwent significant alteration for its use as a library.
The building remains a fine example of vernacular church architecture in Sullivan County.
The building was formally dedicated in 1927 to the memory of Alonzo Ames Miner.
Alonzo Ames Miner was a native of Lempster.
Alonzo Ames Miner was a leading Universalist minister.
Alonzo Ames Miner was the president of Tufts College.
After years of declining attendance, the remaining congregants gave the building to the town in 1965.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Dover is a city.
Dover is located in Strafford County.
Strafford County is in New Hampshire.
New Hampshire is in the United States.
The population of Dover was 29,987 at the 2010 census.
The population of Dover is the largest in the New Hampshire Seacoast region.
The population of Dover was estimated at 31,153 in 2016.
Dover is the county seat of Strafford County.
Dover is home to Wentworth-Douglass Hospital.
Dover is home to the Woodman Institute Museum.
Dover is home to the Children's Museum of New Hampshire.
Carroll County is a county located in the state of New Hampshire.
Carroll County is located in the United States.
As of the 2010 census, the population of Carroll County was 47,818.
Carroll County is the third-least populous county in New Hampshire.
The county seat of Carroll County is Ossipee.
Carroll County was created in 1840.
Carroll County was organized at Ossipee from towns removed from Strafford County.
Carroll County was named in honor of Charles Carroll of Carrollton.
Charles Carroll of Carrollton had died in 1832.
Charles Carroll of Carrollton was the last surviving signer of the United States Declaration of Independence.
Hampden County is a non-governmental county.
Hampden County is located in the Pioneer Valley of the state of Massachusetts.
Hampden County is located in the United States.
As of the 2010 census, Hampden County's population was 463,490.
Hampden County's traditional county seat is Springfield.
Springfield is the largest city in the Connecticut River Valley.
Springfield is the economic and cultural capital of Hampden County.
Hampden County was split from Hampshire County in 1812.
Northampton, Massachusetts, was made Hampshire County's 'shire town' in 1794.
Springfield was Hampshire County's traditional shire town, dating back to its founding in 1636.
Springfield grew at a pace far quicker than Northampton.
Springfield was granted shire town-status over its own, southerly jurisdiction.
Hampden County was named for John Hampden.
To the north of Hampden County is modern-day Hampshire County.
To the west of Hampden County is Berkshire County.
To the east of Hampden County is Worcester County.
To the south of Hampden County are Litchfield County, Hartford County, and Tolland County in Connecticut.
Woodsville is a census-designated place in the town of Haverhill.
Haverhill is located in Grafton County, New Hampshire, U.S.
Woodsville is located along the Connecticut River.
Woodsville is located at the mouth of the Ammonoosuc River.
The population of Woodsville was 1,126 at the 2010 census.
North Haverhill is now the county seat of Grafton County.
The village of Woodsville has traditionally been considered the county seat of Grafton County.
The county courthouse was originally located in Woodsville.
The county buildings are now located halfway between Woodsville and the village of North Haverhill.
The village of North Haverhill is located to the south of Woodsville.
Lempster is a town in Sullivan County.
Sullivan County is located in New Hampshire.
New Hampshire is a state in the United States.
The population of Lempster was 1,154 at the 2010 census.
Settlements in Lempster include the town center.
The town center is known as Lempster village.
Settlements in Lempster also include the village of East Lempster.
Essex County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Vermont.
As of the 2010 census, the population of Essex County was 6,306.
Essex County is the least-populous county in both Vermont and New England.
The shire town of Essex County is the municipality of Guildhall.
Essex County was created in 1792.
Essex County was organized in 1800.
Essex County is bordered by the Connecticut River next to New Hampshire.
Essex County is part of the Berlin, New Hampshire micropolitan area.
Essex County is located south of the Canadian province of Quebec.
The Gardnerville Branch Jail is a historic jail.
The Gardnerville Branch Jail is located at 1440 Courthouse St. in Gardnerville, Nevada.
The Gardnerville Branch Jail was built in 1910.
The Gardnerville Branch Jail served as Douglas County's only jail from 1910 to 1915.
Prior to 1910, the only county jail was in Genoa.
Genoa was the county seat.
Gardnerville was several miles from Genoa.
Gardnerville resorted to housing prisoners in the local judge's granary.
The granary was considered unfit for holding prisoners.
The community petitioned Douglas County to construct a new jail.
Local leaders in Minden wanted to move the county seat to Minden.
Local leaders in Minden protested the move to construct a new jail.
Local leaders in Minden suspected that Gardnerville was attempting to claim the county seat.
Douglas County approved the construction of the new jail.
The jail housed its first prisoners before construction even finished.
The Genoa jail burned down.
One prisoner was briefly chained to a post until the new jail could accommodate him.
Once completed, the jail served Douglas County until 1915.
Minden became the county seat in 1915.
Minden opened its own county jail in 1915.
Steven 'Steve' Smith was born on June 23, 1964.
Steven 'Steve' Smith is a politician from New Hampshire.
Steven 'Steve' Smith is a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
Steven 'Steve' Smith represents Sullivan County District 11.
Sullivan County District 11 includes the towns of Acworth, Charlestown, Goshen, Langdon, Lempster, and Washington.
Steven 'Steve' Smith is a software tester by profession.
Steven 'Steve' Smith runs a slot car business.
Steven 'Steve' Smith runs a racing facility.
East Lempster is an unincorporated community.
East Lempster is located in the town of Lempster.
Lempster is in Sullivan County.
Sullivan County is in New Hampshire.
New Hampshire is in the United States.
Heaven Knows is a rock song.
Heaven Knows is performed by Robert Plant.
Robert Plant is an English rock singer.
Heaven Knows was the first single to be released from Robert Plant's 1988 album Now and Zen.
Heaven Knows reached number 33 on the UK singles chart.
Heaven Knows reached number 1 on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart.
Heaven Knows was Robert Plant's third number-one rock song.
Robert Plant's first number-one rock song was Other Arms, released in 1983.
Robert Plant's second number-one rock song was Little by Little, released in 1985.
10 H.M. is short for 10 Hronia Mazi.
10 Hronia Mazi is Greek for '10 Χρόνια Μαζί'.
10 Hronia Mazi is English for '10 Years Together'.
10 H.M. is an album released by Greek singer Despina Vandi.
10 H.M. was released starting on December 6, 2007.
10 H.M. is Despina Vandi's 12th album from the beginning of her career.
10 H.M. is Despina Vandi's 10th album with Phoebus.
10 H.M. is Despina Vandi's first studio album of new material since her 2004 release of 'Stin Avli Tou Paradisou'.
The album 10 H.M. is dedicated to the 10-year collaboration with Phoebus.
The album 10 H.M. features a track of the same name.
The album 10 H.M. is a triple CD.
The first CD of 10 H.M. contains pop/rock songs.
The second CD of 10 H.M. contains Modern Laika songs.
The third CD of 10 H.M. contains new remixes of older songs.
The album 10 H.M. is completely written and produced by Phoebus.
The album 10 H.M. is released by Heaven Music.
The main sponsor of the album 10 H.M. is WIND Hellas.
Mark Britten is an American comedian.
Mark Britten is from Arlington, Texas.
Mark Britten's chosen stage name is 'The Chinaman'.
Mark Britten was born of a Chinese-American mother.
Mark Britten was born of a Caucasian father.
Mark Britten's act employs material from his dysfunctional background.
Mark Britten's act skews ethnic stereotypes of all kinds.
Mark Britten has been a performing stand-up comic for ten years.
Mark Britten is known for his voice impersonations.
Mark Britten is known for his parodies of rock singers and other vocalists.
Mark Britten is known for his biting anecdotes about the foibles of ethnic and cultural stereotypes.
The Austin Chronicle describes Mark Britten as a rock star trapped in a comic’s body.
Mark Britten is a member of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists.
Stranger in Town is the tenth studio album by Bob Seger.
Bob Seger is an American rock singer.
Stranger in Town is the second studio album by Bob Seger with the Silver Bullet Band.
Stranger in Town was released by Capitol Records in May 1978.
The Silver Bullet Band backed Bob Seger on about half of the songs in Stranger in Town.
The Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section backed Bob Seger on the other half of the songs in Stranger in Town.
Gary Francis Caine Cherone was born on July 26, 1961.
Gary Francis Caine Cherone is an American rock singer.
Gary Francis Caine Cherone is a songwriter.
Gary Francis Caine Cherone is best known for his work as the lead vocalist of the Boston rock group Extreme.
Gary Francis Caine Cherone had a short stint as the lead vocalist for Van Halen.
Van Halen released their 11th album titled 'Van Halen III'.
Gary Francis Caine Cherone participated in the subsequent tour for 'Van Halen III'.
In recent years, Gary Francis Caine Cherone has released solo recordings.
In 2007, Gary Francis Caine Cherone reunited with Extreme.
Ride Out is the seventeenth studio album by Bob Seger.
Bob Seger is an American rock singer-songwriter.
The album Ride Out was released on October 14, 2014.
Bob Seger had previously stated that Ride Out may be his final album.
A followup album entitled 'I Knew You When' will be released on November 17, 2017.
Robert Clark Seger was born on May 6, 1945.
Robert Clark Seger is an American singer-songwriter.
Robert Clark Seger is a guitarist.
Robert Clark Seger is a pianist.
Robert Clark Seger was a locally successful artist in the Detroit area.
Robert Clark Seger performed and recorded as Bob Seger and the Last Heard throughout the 1960s.
Robert Clark Seger performed and recorded as Bob Seger System throughout the 1960s.
By the early 1970s, Robert Clark Seger had dropped the 'System' from his recordings.
Robert Clark Seger continued to strive for broader success with various other bands.
In 1973, Robert Clark Seger put together the Silver Bullet Band.
The Silver Bullet Band consisted of a group of Detroit-area musicians.
Robert Clark Seger became most successful on the national level with the album 'Live Bullet' in 1976.
'Live Bullet' was recorded live with the Silver Bullet Band in 1975 at Cobo Hall in Detroit, Michigan.
In 1976, Robert Clark Seger achieved a national breakout with the studio album 'Night Moves'.
Robert Clark Seger worked extensively with the Alabama-based Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section on his studio albums.
The Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section appeared on several of Robert Clark Seger's best-selling singles and albums.
The discography of Anggun consists of ten studio albums.
The discography of Anggun consists of two soundtrack albums.
The discography of Anggun consists of three greatest hits albums.
The discography of Anggun consists of seven single compilations.
The discography of Anggun consists of thirty-eight singles.
The discography of Anggun consists of twenty music videos.
Anggun began performing at the age of seven.
Anggun recorded a children's album two years after beginning to perform.
Anggun's debut studio album is titled 'Dunia Aku Punya'.
'Dunia Aku Punya' was released in 1986 under Billboard Indonesia.
'Dunia Aku Punya' did not achieve commercial success.
Anggun's popularity was later established after the success of the single 'Mimpi'.
'Mimpi' was listed as one of the 150 Greatest Indonesian Songs of All Time.
Anggun released subsequent singles after 'Mimpi'.
Anggun released three more studio albums: 'Anak Putih Abu Abu', 'Nocturno', and 'Anggun C. Sasmi... Lah!!!'.
Anggun became one of the most successful Indonesian rock singers in the early 1990s.
In 1993, Anggun became the youngest Indonesian singer to found her own record company.
The name of Anggun's record company is Bali Cipta Records.
By the age of nineteen, Anggun had sold over four million albums in Indonesia.
Freudiana was to be the 11th album by The Alan Parsons Project.
During the development of Freudiana, Eric Woolfson had creative differences with Alan Parsons.
Eric Woolfson decided to turn Freudiana into a rock opera.
Freudiana was released as simply 'Freudiana.'
Freudiana is known as the 'unofficial' Alan Parsons Project album.
Freudiana is considered by Alan Parsons Project fans to really be their 11th album.
Alan Parsons later continued as a solo artist.
Alan Parsons released his 1993 album 'Try Anything Once.'
'Try Anything Once' was musically in a direction more or less continued from that of 1987's 'Gaudi.'
Against the Wind is the eleventh album by Bob Seger.
Bob Seger is an American rock singer.
Against the Wind is the fourth album by Bob Seger with the Silver Bullet Band.
Against the Wind was released in February 1980.
Against the Wind is Bob Seger's only number-one album to date.
Against the Wind spent six weeks at the top of the Billboard Top LPs chart.
Against the Wind knocked Pink Floyd's The Wall from the top spot.
The Chief of the Defence Staff is the second most senior member of the Canadian Armed Forces.
The Chief of the Defence Staff is after the commander-in-chief in seniority.
The Chief of the Defence Staff heads the Armed Forces Council.
The Chief of the Defence Staff has primary responsibility for command, control, and administration of the forces.
The Chief of the Defence Staff has primary responsibility for military strategy.
The Chief of the Defence Staff has primary responsibility for military plans.
The Chief of the Defence Staff has primary responsibility for military requirements.
The position of Chief of the Defence Staff is held by a senior member of one of the three main branches of the Canadian Armed Forces.
The current Chief of the Defence Staff, since 17 July 2015, is Jonathan Vance.
One Rank One Pension (OROP) is a concept that means same pension for same rank for same length of service irrespective of the date of retirement.
One Rank One Pension (OROP) is a longstanding demand of the Indian armed forces.
One Rank One Pension (OROP) is a longstanding demand of Indian veterans.
The demand for pay-pension equity underlies the One Rank One Pension (OROP) concept.
The demand for pay-pension equity was provoked by an exparte decision by the Indira Gandhi-led Indian National Congress (INC) government in 1973.
The exparte decision by the Indira Gandhi-led Indian National Congress (INC) government occurred two years after the historic victory in the 1971 Bangladesh war.
The exparte decision by the Indira Gandhi-led Indian National Congress (INC) government occurred shortly after Field Marshal SHFJ Manekshaw retired.
The exparte decision by the Indira Gandhi-led Indian National Congress (INC) government decreased armed forces pensions by 20–40 percent.
The exparte decision by the Indira Gandhi-led Indian National Congress (INC) government increased civilian pensions by 20 percent.
The exparte decision by the Indira Gandhi-led Indian National Congress (INC) government was made without consultation with armed forces headquarters.
The Military Covenant is a term introduced in 2000 into British public life.
The Military Covenant refers to the mutual obligations between the nation and its Armed Forces.
According to The Guardian, the Military Covenant is an informal understanding.
The Military Covenant is not a legally enforceable deal.
The Military Covenant is treated with great seriousness within the services.
The term Military Covenant was coined in 2000.
The Military Covenant has entered political discourse.
The Military Covenant is a way of measuring whether the government has kept to its obligations to support members of the armed forces.
The Military Covenant is a way of measuring whether society at large has kept to its obligations to support members of the armed forces.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin was born on July 14, 1943.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin died on September 27, 2015.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin was a General (retired) of the Colombian Armed Forces.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin served as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the Colombian Armed Forces for a period of four years from 1998 to 2002.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin served as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff during the presidential term of President Andres Pastrana.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin served as ambassador of Colombia in the Dominican Republic from 2002 to 2004.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin served as Deputy Minister of Defense for its social and business group for two years from 2009 to 2010.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin served as Deputy Minister of Defense during the presidential term of President Alvaro Uribe.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin was in the Colombian Armed Forces for 41 years.
Fernando Tapias Stahelin achieved all the military ranks up to his appointment as General Commander for the Colombian Armed Forces.
In June 1941, Franklin D. Roosevelt issued Executive Order 8802.
Executive Order 8802 created the Fair Employment Practice Committee (FEPC).
Executive Order 8802 was the most important federal move in support of the rights of African-Americans between Reconstruction and the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
The President's order stated that the federal government would not hire any person based on their race, color, creed, or national origin.
The Fair Employment Practice Committee enforced the order to ban discriminatory hiring within the federal government.
The Fair Employment Practice Committee enforced the order to ban discriminatory hiring in corporations that received federal contracts.
Millions of African-Americans and women achieved better jobs and better pay as a result of Executive Order 8802.
The war brought the race issue to the forefront.
The Army and Navy had been segregated since the Civil War.
By 1940, the African-American vote had largely shifted from the Republican Party to the Democratic Party.
African-American leaders like Walter Francis White of the NAACP became recognized as part of the Roosevelt coalition.
African-American leaders like T. Arnold Hill of the Urban League became recognized as part of the Roosevelt coalition.
In June 1941, A. Philip Randolph urged Franklin D. Roosevelt to sign an executive order establishing the Fair Employment Practice Committee.
The executive order prohibited discrimination by any government agency, including the armed forces.
In practice, the services, particularly the Navy and the Marines, found ways to evade the executive order.
The Marine Corps remained all-white until 1942.
In September 1942, Eleanor Roosevelt instigated a meeting between Franklin D. Roosevelt and a delegation of African-American leaders.
The delegation of African-American leaders demanded full integration into the armed forces.
The delegation of African-American leaders demanded the right to serve in combat roles.
The delegation of African-American leaders demanded the right to serve in the Navy.
The delegation of African-American leaders demanded the right to serve in the Marine Corps.
The delegation of African-American leaders demanded the right to serve in the United States Army Air Forces.
Franklin D. Roosevelt agreed to the demands of the delegation of African-American leaders.
Franklin D. Roosevelt did nothing to implement his promise.
Harry S. Truman was Franklin D. Roosevelt's successor.
Harry S. Truman fully desegregated the armed forces.
Armed Forces Day is known also as the Feast of the Polish Armed Forces.
The Polish name for Armed Forces Day is 'Święto Wojska Polskiego'.
Armed Forces Day is a national holiday celebrated annually on 15 August in Poland.
Armed Forces Day commemorates the anniversary of the 1920 victory over Soviet Russia at the Battle of Warsaw during the Polish–Soviet War.
Armed Forces Day is held in conjunction with the Day of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary.
The Day of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary is a separate public holiday.
The event of Armed Forces Day is marked by military parades, equipment reviews, showcases, and remembrances by all branches of the Polish Armed Forces across the country.
One of the most prominent events of Armed Forces Day is in the capital Warsaw.
Warsaw hosts a large military parade through the city's center on Armed Forces Day.
Armed Forces Day was originally celebrated during the Second Republic.
The holiday was barred by authorities during the communist era beginning in 1947.
Armed Forces Day was revived again in 1992.
The 2010 Kiev Victory Day Parade was held on May 9, 2010 in Kiev.
The 2010 Kiev Victory Day Parade honored the 65th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory in the Great Patriotic War.
The Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces was General of the Army Ivan Svyda.
General of the Army Ivan Svyda inspected the parade.
The commander of the Ukrainian Armed Forces was Colonel General Gennady Vorobyov.
Colonel General Gennady Vorobyov commanded the parade.
The President of Ukraine was Viktor Yanukovych.
Viktor Yanukovych delivered a jubilee address.
2,500 members of the Ukrainian Armed Forces took part in the parade.
Troops from Russia and Belarus took part in the parade.
17 military orchestras took part in the parade.
The Chief of the Military Music Department of the General Staff of the Ukrainian Armed Forces was Major General Volodymyr Derkach.
Major General Volodymyr Derkach commanded the military orchestras in the parade.
Conscription in the United States is commonly known as the draft.
The federal government of the United States has employed conscription in four conflicts.
The four conflicts are the American Civil War, World War I, World War II, and the Cold War.
The Cold War includes both the Korean War and the Vietnam War.
The third incarnation of the draft came into being in 1940.
The third incarnation of the draft was established through the Selective Training and Service Act.
The third incarnation of the draft was the country's first peacetime draft.
From 1940 until 1973, men were drafted to fill vacancies in the United States Armed Forces.
The vacancies in the United States Armed Forces could not be filled through voluntary means.
The draft was ended when the United States Armed Forces moved to an all-volunteer military force.
The Selective Service System remains in place as a contingency plan.
All male civilians between the ages of 18 and 25 are required to register with the Selective Service System.
The draft can be readily resumed if needed.
Rostker v. Goldberg was a decision of the United States Supreme Court.
The citation for Rostker v. Goldberg is 453 U.S. 57 (1981).
The United States Supreme Court held that the practice of requiring only men to register for the draft was constitutional.
The United States Congress enacted the law to apply to men only.
The law had previously been enacted to apply to men only.
Several attorneys challenged the gender distinction as unconstitutional.
Robert L. Goldberg was one of the attorneys who challenged the gender distinction.
The named defendant in the case is Bernard D. Rostker.
Bernard D. Rostker is the Director of the Selective Service System.
The Supreme Court made a 6-3 decision in this case.
The Supreme Court held that the gender distinction was not a violation of the equal protection component of the due process clause.
The Act would stand as passed.
The 16 September military parade is an annual tradition.
The 16 September military parade is in honour of the anniversary of Mexican Independence.
The 16 September military parade dates back to the late 19th century.
The 16 September military parade is associated with the beginning of the professionalisation of the Mexican Armed Forces in the 20th century.
The 16 September military parade is held yearly in the Zócalo in Mexico City.
The 16 September military parade is the largest of the various parades held simultaneously nationwide on September 16.
September 16 is Mexican Independence Day.
The President of Mexico presides over the 16 September military parade.
The President of Mexico fulfills his duty as the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces during the parade.
Members of the Cabinet of Mexico attend the 16 September military parade.
Members of the Congress of the Union attend the 16 September military parade.
Civil service employees attend the 16 September military parade.
The Secretaries of National Defense and Navy attend the 16 September military parade.
Members of the Mexican Armed Forces attend the 16 September military parade.
Members of the Federal Police attend the 16 September military parade.
Uniformed service veterans attend the 16 September military parade.
The state diplomatic corps attends the 16 September military parade.
Delegations representing the religious sector attend the 16 September military parade.
Delegations representing indigenous peoples attend the 16 September military parade.
Delegations representing sports attend the 16 September military parade.
Delegations representing the private sector attend the 16 September military parade.
The general public attends the 16 September military parade.
The 16 September military parade is seen on TV and the Internet.
The 16 September military parade is heard on radio.
The 16 September military parade is one of the biggest events of the year.
Members of the Mexican Armed Forces take part in the 16 September military parade.
Members of the Federal Police take part in the 16 September military parade.
PepsiCo, Inc. is an American multinational food, snack, and beverage corporation.
PepsiCo, Inc. is headquartered in Purchase, New York.
PepsiCo has interests in the manufacturing of grain-based snack foods.
PepsiCo has interests in the marketing of grain-based snack foods.
PepsiCo has interests in the distribution of grain-based snack foods.
PepsiCo has interests in the manufacturing of beverages.
PepsiCo has interests in the marketing of beverages.
PepsiCo has interests in the distribution of beverages.
PepsiCo has interests in the manufacturing of other products.
PepsiCo has interests in the marketing of other products.
PepsiCo has interests in the distribution of other products.
PepsiCo was formed in 1965.
PepsiCo was formed with the merger of the Pepsi-Cola Company and Frito-Lay, Inc.
PepsiCo has expanded from its namesake product Pepsi.
PepsiCo has expanded to a broader range of food and beverage brands.
The largest acquisition by PepsiCo included Tropicana Products in 1998.
The largest acquisition by PepsiCo included the Quaker Oats Company in 2001.
The acquisition of the Quaker Oats Company added the Gatorade brand to PepsiCo's portfolio.
Rewrapped is a reality cooking television show.
Rewrapped is hosted by Joey Fatone.
Rewrapped premiered on April 21, 2014.
Rewrapped premiered on Food Network.
Rewrapped features three chefs.
The three chefs are challenged to first recreate a classic snack food.
The three chefs are then challenged to innovate a totally new dish using the classic snack food as the main ingredient.
Rewrapped is a loose spinoff of the show 'Unwrapped'.
Marc Summers is the host of the show 'Unwrapped'.
Marc Summers acts as 'Head Judge' for each episode of Rewrapped.
Each episode of Rewrapped includes a representative of the company that produces the food of the day.
Each episode of Rewrapped includes a third impartial judge.
The third impartial judge is involved in the food industry in some way.
The third impartial judge can be a chef, critic, blogger, etc.
Twisties are a type of cheese curl.
Twisties are a corn-based snack food product.
Twisties are available mainly in Australia.
Twisties are available in other Oceanian countries such as Papua New Guinea, New Caledonia, Vanuatu, and Fiji.
Twisties are available in the Southeast Asian countries Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore, and Brunei.
Twisties are available on the island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean.
Twisties were launched in 1950 by the General Foods Corporation.
The brand name Twisties is owned by The Smith's Snackfood Company.
The Smith's Snackfood Company was originally an Australian-owned company.
The Smith's Snackfood Company was acquired in August 1998 by Frito-Lay.
Frito-Lay is the second largest producer of snack foods in Australia.
Frito-Lay is owned by the American multi-national PepsiCo.
In Malaysia, Twisties is a product of Mondelēz International.
Twisties was previously a part of Danone.
Twisties was later a part of Kraft Foods.
In Thailand, the Twisties trademark is owned by Lay's.
Lay's is owned by PepsiCo.
Twisties are marketed under different names in New Zealand, Malta, and Italy.
Snack Foods Limited is an Australian snack food company.
Snack Foods Limited was officially formed on 25 November 1999.
Snack Foods Limited was owned by Arnott's Biscuits Holdings Pty Ltd.
Arnott's Biscuits Holdings Pty Ltd. is a subsidiary of the American Campbell Soup Company.
Snack Foods Limited owns one of Australia's largest salted snack food companies.
The largest salted snack food company owned by Snack Foods Limited is Snack Brands Australia.
In April 2008, Campbell Arnott's sold Arnott’s Snackfoods to The Real McCoy Snackfood Co.
The company formerly known as Arnott’s Snackfoods is now known as Snack Brands Australia.
Mondelez International, Inc. is an American multinational confectionery, food, and beverage company.
Mondelez International, Inc. is based in Illinois.
Mondelez International, Inc. employs about 107,000 people around the world.
Mondelez International, Inc. consists of the global snack and food brands of the former Kraft Foods Inc.
The former Kraft Foods Inc. underwent a spin-off of its North American grocery operations in October 2012.
The Mondelez name was adopted in 2012.
The Mondelez name was suggested by Kraft Foods employees.
The Mondelez name is derived from the word 'mundus', which is Latin for 'world'.
The Mondelez name is derived from the word 'delez', which is a proxy for the word 'delicious'.
Robert's American Gourmet Food is a snack food company.
Robert's American Gourmet Food is located in the United States.
Robert's American Gourmet Food was founded by businessman Robert Ehrlich in 1986.
Robert's American Gourmet Food is best known for its snack food, Pirate's Booty.
Pirate's Booty is found in over 90% of United States supermarkets.
Robert's American Gourmet targeted health-conscious shoppers.
Robert's American Gourmet offered a range of snack foods.
Canyon Creek Food Company is a food processing company.
Canyon Creek Food Company is based in Edmonton, Alberta.
Canyon Creek Food Company provides fresh soups.
Canyon Creek Food Company provides other prepared food products.
Canyon Creek Food Company targets health conscious consumers.
Canyon Creek Food Company provides its fresh food product line to grocery retailers.
Canyon Creek Food Company provides its fresh food product line to a broad range of food service establishments.
Food service establishments include restaurants and institutions.
Canyon Creek Food Company operates throughout Canada.
Handi-Snacks are a snack food product line.
Handi-Snacks are sold by Mondelez International.
The common Handi-Snack has two compartments.
One compartment of the common Handi-Snack is a small spread compartment.
The other compartment of the common Handi-Snack is a larger compartment for crackers.
A red plastic spreader is included with the crackers.
Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd is a Korean lunch snack food company.
Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd is also known in Korean as 스낵박스푸드홀딩스.
The headquarters of Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd is in Mokdong-Ri Gyoha-Eup Paju Gyeonggi-do, Korea.
Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd was established in 2004.
Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd offers a number of snack food services to home party foods.
Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd offers a range of products including fruit lunch packs.
Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd offers a range of products including salad.
Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd offers a range of products including yogurt.
Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd offers a range of products including sandwiches.
Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd has about 25 employees as of January 2006.
Deep Fried Peanuts are a snack food.
Deep Fried Peanuts are created by deep frying peanuts in oil.
The resulting product is a snack food that can be eaten in its entirety.
The entirety of Deep Fried Peanuts includes both the shell and the nut.
The deep-frying process does not change the flavor of the nutmeats.
The deep-frying process does not change the texture of the nutmeats.
The deep-frying process changes the texture of the shells.
The deep-frying process changes the flavor of the shells.
Seasonings can be used during the deep-frying process.
The use of seasonings makes the shells of Deep Fried Peanuts more palatable.
Once Upon a Secret: My Affair with President John F. Kennedy and Its Aftermath is a book.
The book was written by Mimi Alford.
Mimi Alford was a former White House intern.
The book was published in February 2012.
The book contains the autobiographical account of Mimi Alford.
Mimi Alford had an affair with U.S. President John F. Kennedy towards the end of his life.
The affair with U.S. President John F. Kennedy occurred from June 1962 to July 1963.
Mimi Alford managed to keep her involvement in the affair secret for nearly 50 years.
Basic details of the affair were published in the 2003 Kennedy biography by Robert Dallek.
Sheila Cavanagh is an associate professor of sociology at York University.
Sheila Cavanagh was the former chair of the Sexuality Studies Program at York University.
Sheila Cavanagh is currently the chair of the Canadian Sexuality Studies Association.
Sheila Cavanagh is a co-editor of the 'Somatechnics' journal.
Malena Gustavson is a co-editor of the 'Somatechnics' journal along with Sheila Cavanagh.
Sheila Cavanagh's research is in the area of gender and sexuality.
Sheila Cavanagh's research has a concentration on queer, cultural, and psychoanalytic theories.
Sheila Cavanagh is editing a special issue on transgender and psychoanalysis in 'Transgender Studies Quarterly'.
Sheila Cavanagh is completing her third book monograph titled 'Transgender and the Other Sexual Difference: Bracha L. Ettinger and Jacques Lacan'.
Sheila Cavanagh co-edited a collection titled 'Skin, Culture and Psychoanalysis' with Angela Failler and Rachel A. J. Hurst.
The collection 'Skin, Culture and Psychoanalysis' was published in 2013 by Palgrave Macmillan.
Sheila Cavanagh's first sole-authored book is titled 'Sexing the Teacher: School Sex Scandals and Queer Pedagogies'.
The book 'Sexing the Teacher: School Sex Scandals and Queer Pedagogies' was published in 2007.
The book 'Sexing the Teacher: School Sex Scandals and Queer Pedagogies' received honorable mention by the Canadian Women’s Studies Association.
Sheila Cavanagh's second sole-authored book is titled 'Queering Bathrooms: Gender, Sexuality, and the Hygienic Imagination'.
The book 'Queering Bathrooms: Gender, Sexuality, and the Hygienic Imagination' was published in 2010.
The book 'Queering Bathrooms: Gender, Sexuality, and the Hygienic Imagination' is a GLBT Indie Book Award finalist.
The book 'Queering Bathrooms: Gender, Sexuality, and the Hygienic Imagination' received the CWSA/ACEF Outstanding Scholarship Prize Honourable Mention in 2012.
Sheila Cavanagh's performed ethnography titled Queer Bathroom Monologues (QBM) premiered at the Toronto Fringe Festival in 2011.
Queer Bathroom Monologues (QBM) was given the Audience Pick Award at the Toronto Fringe Festival.
The play Queer Bathroom Monologues (QBM) was professionally staged at Buddies in Bad Times Theatre in Toronto in June 2014 for WorldPride.
The play Queer Bathroom Monologues (QBM) has toured at conferences, colleges, and universities in Canada and the United States.
Sheila Cavanagh has published in a wide range of international journals.
Sheila Cavanagh has given keynote addresses at conferences in Sweden, Turkey, and Canada.
Sheila Cavanagh teaches an undergraduate course titled Sociology of Gender.
Sheila Cavanagh teaches a range of graduate courses in sexuality studies, feminist theory, and queer theory.
Sheila Cavanagh is interviewed in Rohan Spong's documentary 'T is for Teacher' from 2009.
Sheila Cavanagh is interviewed in Rohan Spong's documentary 'Queer Science' from 2008.
Mark D. Fabiani was born in 1957.
Mark D. Fabiani is an American political strategist.
Mark D. Fabiani is a crisis management expert.
Mark D. Fabiani is a former Deputy Mayor of Los Angeles.
Mark D. Fabiani was the chief of staff to Mayor Tom Bradley.
Mark D. Fabiani is a former White House lawyer.
Mark D. Fabiani is a former spokesman.
Mark D. Fabiani is recognized for his work as special counsel to President Bill Clinton.
Mark D. Fabiani served as legal spokesperson for the Clinton White House from 1994 through 1996.
Mark D. Fabiani is recognized for his work as head of communications for the Gore presidential campaign in 2000.
Mark D. Fabiani served in senior positions at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Mark D. Fabiani served in senior positions at the Department of Justice.
Monica Samille Lewinsky was born on July 23, 1973.
Monica Samille Lewinsky is an American activist.
Monica Samille Lewinsky is a television personality.
Monica Samille Lewinsky is a fashion designer.
Monica Samille Lewinsky is a former White House intern.
The White House Doctor: My Patients Were Presidents – A Memoir is a book authored by Connie Mariano.
Connie Mariano is the first military woman in the history of the United States to be appointed as Physician to the President.
Connie Mariano is the first female director of the medical unit of the White House.
Connie Mariano is the first Filipino-American to become a rear admiral in the US Navy.
The book has a foreword from Bill Clinton.
The autobiographical book takes a look at the personal lives of three American Presidents.
The three American Presidents are George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush.
The autobiographical book takes a look at the personal lives of three American First Ladies.
The three American First Ladies are Barbara Bush, Hillary Clinton, and Laura Bush.
Connie Mariano took care of the three American Presidents and three American First Ladies while working as a White House physician.
The book was described as a fascinating look into what goes on behind closed doors at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig was born on March 4, 1945.
Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig is an American lawyer.
Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig was a former White House Counsel under President Barack Obama.
Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig served as White House Counsel from 2009 to 2010.
Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig was a former attorney at the Washington, D.C. law firm of Williams & Connolly.
Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig has represented numerous high-profile clients.
Prior to becoming White House Counsel, Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig served as assistant to the President.
Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig served as special counsel in the White House of President Bill Clinton.
Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig directed the team defending President Bill Clinton against impeachment.
Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig served as a senior advisor to Senator Edward Kennedy.
Gregory Bestor 'Greg' Craig served as a senior advisor to Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
Their Lives: The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine is a book.
Candice E. Jackson is the author of the book Their Lives: The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine.
World Ahead Publishing is a conservative publisher.
World Ahead Publishing published the book Their Lives: The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine on May 31, 2005.
The book Their Lives: The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine recounts the stories of seven women.
The seven women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton are Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones, Gennifer Flowers, Kathleen Willey, Elizabeth Gracen, Juanita Broaddrick, and Sally Perdue.
Monica Lewinsky is one of the women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton.
Paula Jones is one of the women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton.
Gennifer Flowers is one of the women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton.
Kathleen Willey is one of the women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton.
Elizabeth Gracen is one of the women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton.
Juanita Broaddrick is one of the women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton.
Sally Perdue is one of the women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton.
Eric Schultz is a senior advisor to former President Barack Obama.
Eric Schultz is the founder of Schultz Group.
Eric Schultz is a former White House Principal Deputy Press Secretary.
Eric Schultz is a former special assistant to President Barack Obama.
Politico recognized Eric Schultz as the strategist that White House officials turn to in a crisis to handle communications.
Eric Schultz was originally hired at the White House in 2011.
Eric Schultz was hired to respond to Congressional oversight investigations.
Josh Earnest replaced Jay Carney to become White House Press Secretary.
Eric Schultz was appointed White House Deputy Press Secretary after Josh Earnest became White House Press Secretary.
In the role of White House Deputy Press Secretary, Eric Schultz often diffuses tensions with humor.
Eric Schultz can be relentless in pushing his message in both public and private conversations.
Jen Psaki was the former White House Communications Director.
Jen Psaki compared Eric Schultz to fictional crisis manager Olivia Pope.
Jen Psaki stated that Eric Schultz is the person you want next to you in a foxhole when there's a crisis.
At the end of President Barack Obama's second term, Valerie Jarrett was a former White House Senior Advisor.
Valerie Jarrett said of Eric Schultz, 'We’ve all grown to rely on his wise counsel.'
Valerie Jarrett stated that President Barack Obama trusts Eric Schultz's sound judgement.
The Lewinsky scandal was an American political sex scandal.
The Lewinsky scandal involved 49-year-old President Bill Clinton.
The Lewinsky scandal involved 22-year-old White House intern Monica Lewinsky.
The sexual relationship between President Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky took place between 1995 and 1996.
The sexual relationship came to light in 1998.
President Bill Clinton ended a televised speech with the statement that he did not have sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky.
Further investigation led to charges of perjury against President Bill Clinton.
Further investigation led to the impeachment of President Bill Clinton in 1998 by the U.S. House of Representatives.
President Bill Clinton was subsequently acquitted on all impeachment charges of perjury and obstruction of justice in a 21-day Senate trial.
Judge Susan Webber Wright held President Bill Clinton in civil contempt of court for giving misleading testimony in the Paula Jones case regarding Monica Lewinsky.
Judge Susan Webber Wright fined President Bill Clinton $90,000.
President Bill Clinton's license to practice law was suspended in Arkansas for five years.
Shortly thereafter, President Bill Clinton was disbarred from presenting cases in front of the United States Supreme Court.
William H. Ginsburg was an American lawyer.
William H. Ginsburg was born on March 25, 1943.
William H. Ginsburg died on April 1, 2013.
William H. Ginsburg is best known for representing Monica Lewinsky.
Monica Lewinsky was a former White House intern.
Monica Lewinsky was involved in a controversy regarding sexual activities with President Bill Clinton in 1998.
President Bill Clinton was the President of the United States during the controversy.
Donald Trump in music refers to songs, albums, and bands that refer to Donald Trump.
Donald Trump has various brands, including Trump Tower.
Donald Trump has a TV show.
Donald Trump has a hotel chain.
Donald Trump has casinos.
Recent songs refer to Donald Trump's campaign and subsequent election as president of the United States.
More than 200 songs refer to Donald Trump prior to his successful presidential campaign between 1989 and 2013.
Donald Trump achieved victory in the 2016 presidential election.
Donald Trump's prominence in hip-hop music has been likened to that of Ronald Reagan's in hardcore punk during the 1980s.
Protests against Donald Trump have occurred in the United States since Donald Trump's entry into the 2016 presidential campaign.
Protests against Donald Trump have occurred elsewhere since Donald Trump's entry into the 2016 presidential campaign.
Protests have expressed opposition to Donald Trump's campaign rhetoric.
Protests have expressed opposition to Donald Trump's electoral win.
Protests have expressed opposition to Donald Trump's inauguration.
Protests have expressed opposition to various presidential actions taken by Donald Trump.
Some protests have taken the form of walk-outs.
Some protests have taken the form of business closures.
Some protests have taken the form of petitions.
Some protests have taken the form of rallies.
Some protests have taken the form of demonstrations.
Some protests have taken the form of marches.
Most protests against Donald Trump have been peaceful.
Some protesters have destroyed property.
Some protesters have attacked supporters of Donald Trump.
Anthony Fabrizio was born in 1960.
Anthony Fabrizio is an American Republican pollster and strategist.
Anthony Fabrizio is the principal in Fabrizio, Lee & Associates.
Anthony Fabrizio was the pollster for Donald Trump's fall 2016 Presidential campaign.
Anthony Fabrizio was the pollster for former Senator Bob Dole's 1996 Presidential campaign.
Anthony Fabrizio was the pollster for U.S. Senator Rand Paul's U.S. Senate campaign.
Anthony Fabrizio was the pollster for U.S. Senator Rand Paul's 2016 Presidential campaign.
Anthony Fabrizio was the pollster for former Governor Rick Perry's 2012 Presidential campaign.
Anthony Fabrizio served as a pollster for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in the 2014 midterm elections.
David Urban was born around 1964.
David Urban is an American lobbyist.
David Urban is a political operative.
David Urban is a political commentator.
David Urban worked on the 2016 Donald Trump presidential campaign.
David Urban helped to orchestrate the 2016 Republican National Convention.
David Urban served as a senior advisor in the successful effort to win Pennsylvania.
In November 2016, it was reported that David Urban was being considered as the next chair of the Republican National Committee.
In November 2016, it was reported that David Urban was being considered for the position of White House Deputy Chief of Staff.
In May 2017, it was reported that Donald Trump was considering David Urban to replace Reince Priebus as White House Chief of Staff.
Paul John Manafort Jr. was born on April 1, 1949.
Paul John Manafort Jr. is an American lawyer.
Paul John Manafort Jr. is a lobbyist.
Paul John Manafort Jr. is a political consultant.
Paul John Manafort Jr. joined Donald Trump's presidential campaign team in March 2016.
Paul John Manafort Jr. served as campaign manager from June to August 2016.
Paul John Manafort Jr. was previously an adviser to the U.S. presidential campaigns of Gerald Ford.
Paul John Manafort Jr. was previously an adviser to the U.S. presidential campaigns of Ronald Reagan.
Paul John Manafort Jr. was previously an adviser to the U.S. presidential campaigns of George H. W. Bush.
Paul John Manafort Jr. was previously an adviser to the U.S. presidential campaigns of Bob Dole.
In 1980, Paul John Manafort Jr. co-founded the Washington, D.C.-based lobbying firm Black, Manafort & Stone.
Charles R. Black Jr. was a principal of the lobbying firm Black, Manafort & Stone.
Roger J. Stone was a principal of the lobbying firm Black, Manafort & Stone.
In 1984, the lobbying firm Black, Manafort & Stone was renamed Black, Manafort, Stone and Kelly (BMSK) & associates.
Peter G. Kelly was recruited to the lobbying firm Black, Manafort, Stone and Kelly (BMSK) & associates.
Illegal immigration was a signature issue of U.S. President Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
Donald Trump's proposed reforms and remarks about illegal immigration generated much publicity.
A hallmark promise of Donald Trump's campaign was to build a substantial wall on the United States-Mexico border.
Donald Trump has expressed support for a variety of limits on legal immigration and guest-worker visas.
Donald Trump proposed a pause on granting green cards.
Donald Trump says that the pause on granting green cards will allow record immigration levels to subside to more moderate historical averages.
Donald Trump's proposals regarding H-1B visas frequently changed throughout his presidential campaign.
As of late July 2016, Donald Trump appeared to oppose the H-1B visa program.
Donald Trump has questioned official estimates of the number of illegal immigrants in the United States.
Official estimates suggest that the number of illegal immigrants in the United States is between 11 and 12 million.
Donald Trump insists that the number of illegal immigrants in the United States is much higher, between 30 and 34 million.
Hope Charlotte Hicks was born on October 21, 1988.
Hope Charlotte Hicks is an American communications and public relations consultant.
Hope Charlotte Hicks is the current White House Communications Director for President Donald Trump.
Hope Charlotte Hicks served as White House Director of Strategic Communications from January to September 2017.
The role of White House Director of Strategic Communications was created for Hope Charlotte Hicks.
Hope Charlotte Hicks previously served as the press secretary for Trump's 2016 presidential campaign.
Hope Charlotte Hicks previously served as the early communications director for Trump's 2016 presidential campaign.
Hope Charlotte Hicks served as the national press secretary for Trump's presidential transition team.
Hope Charlotte Hicks was an employee of The Trump Organization before her roles in the presidential campaign and transition team.
Hope Charlotte Hicks is Donald Trump's longest-serving political aide.
Brad Parscale was born on January 3, 1976.
Brad Parscale is an American digital media and political strategist.
Brad Parscale served as the digital media director for Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign.
Brad Parscale began working for the Trump Organization in 2011.
Brad Parscale developed and designed websites for the Trump Organization.
Brad Parscale created and managed digital media strategies for the Trump Organization.
In early 2015, Donald Trump hired Brad Parscale and his firm, Giles-Parscale.
Brad Parscale and Giles-Parscale were hired to create a website for Donald Trump's exploratory campaign.
When Donald Trump declared himself a Republican candidate in 2015, he called Brad Parscale.
Donald Trump asked Brad Parscale to update his exploratory campaign site into a full-fledged presidential campaign website.
Throughout the Republican primary, Brad Parscale was responsible for the Donald J. Trump for President website.
Brad Parscale was responsible for digital media strategy during the Republican primary.
Brad Parscale was responsible for online fundraising campaigns during the Republican primary.
In June 2016, Brad Parscale was officially named digital media director for the Donald J. Trump for President campaign.
Brad Parscale oversaw all aspects of digital media and online fundraising for the Donald J. Trump for President campaign.
Brad Parscale oversaw traditional media strategy, like radio and television placements, for the Donald J. Trump for President campaign.
In January 2017, Brad Parscale, along with another senior Trump aide, Nick Ayers, formally launched America First Policies.
America First Policies is a non-profit organization.
America First Policies promotes President Donald Trump's agenda and White House initiatives.
Donald Trump's presidential campaign of 2000 for the nomination of the Reform Party began when Donald Trump announced the creation of a presidential exploratory committee.
Donald Trump announced the creation of a presidential exploratory committee on the October 7, 1999 edition of 'Larry King Live'.
Donald Trump was a real estate magnate.
Donald Trump was from New York.
Donald Trump had never held elected office.
Donald Trump was well known for his frequent comments on public affairs.
Donald Trump was well known for his business exploits as head of The Trump Organization.
Donald Trump had previously considered a presidential run in 1988 as a Republican.
Donald Trump chose not to run in 1988.
In 2000, Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura persuaded Donald Trump to seek the presidential nomination of the Reform Party.
The Reform Party was fracturing despite achieving ballot access.
The Reform Party qualified for matching funds as a result of the 1996 presidential campaign of businessman Ross Perot.
Donald Trump's entrance into the Reform Party race coincided with that of paleoconservative commentator Pat Buchanan.
Donald Trump attacked Pat Buchanan throughout the campaign.
Donald Trump referred to Pat Buchanan as a 'Hitler-lover'.
The segment titled 'Donald Trump' is part of the HBO news satire television series 'Last Week Tonight with John Oliver'.
The segment 'Donald Trump' is devoted to Donald Trump.
Donald Trump later became the President of the United States.
The segment 'Donald Trump' first aired on February 28, 2016.
The segment 'Donald Trump' was part of the third episode of 'Last Week Tonight with John Oliver's third season.
At the time the segment aired, Donald Trump was the frontrunner for the Republican Party nomination for the presidency.
The segment 'Donald Trump' has a duration of 22 minutes.
Comedian John Oliver discusses Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign during the segment.
Comedian John Oliver discusses Donald Trump's career in business during the segment.
Comedian John Oliver outlines Donald Trump's campaign rhetoric during the segment.
Comedian John Oliver outlines Donald Trump's varying political positions during the segment.
Comedian John Oliver outlines Donald Trump's failed business ventures during the segment.
Comedian John Oliver states that the Trump family name was changed at one point from the ancestral name 'Drumpf'.
Quando Eu Era Vivo is a 2014 Brazilian drama-thriller film.
Marco Dutra is the director of Quando Eu Era Vivo.
Quando Eu Era Vivo is based on the novel 'A Arte de Produzir Efeito Sem Causa'.
Lourenço Mutarelli is the author of the novel 'A Arte de Produzir Efeito Sem Causa'.
4 a.m. is the debut novel of Nina de la Mer.
Nina de la Mer is a Scottish author.
4 a.m. was first published in the UK on 26 August 2011.
Myriad Editions is a Brighton-based publishing house.
The novel draws on Nina de la Mer's personal experiences.
The novel draws on research conducted by Nina de la Mer.
The novel covers rave culture of the 90s.
The novel covers peacetime life in the British Army.
Before We Say Goodbye is a novel.
Before We Say Goodbye was first published as Prima di Lasciarsi.
Before We Say Goodbye was published in 2004.
Gabriella Ambrosio is the author of Before We Say Goodbye.
The work is based on the 2002 Kiryat HaYovel supermarket bombing.
The novel narrates the final hours in the lives of the suicide bomber and her victims.
Before We Say Goodbye was first published in Italy in 2004.
Before We Say Goodbye was published through Nutrimenti.
Before We Say Goodbye was later published in English on 2 August 2010.
Before We Say Goodbye was published in English through Walker Books.
The novel has been published in multiple languages.
The novel has been published in Arabic.
The novel has been published in Hebrew.
Amnesty International has endorsed Before We Say Goodbye.
The Witch's Daughter is a children's novel.
Nina Bawden is the author of The Witch's Daughter.
The Witch's Daughter was first published in 1966.
The Witch's Daughter has been dramatised for television twice.
Fiona Kennedy played the title role in the television adaptation of The Witch's Daughter in 1971.
Sammy Glenn played the title role in the television adaptation of The Witch's Daughter in 1996.
Drained is a 2006 Brazilian dark comedy film.
Drained is based on a novel by Lourenço Mutarelli.
Heitor Dhalia directed Drained.
Selton Mello stars in Drained.
Drained was produced by Geração Conteúdo.
Drained was produced by Primo Filmes.
Drained was produced by RT Features.
Buckskin Brigades is a Western novel.
Buckskin Brigades was written by L. Ron Hubbard.
Buckskin Brigades was first published on July 30, 1937.
Buckskin Brigades was L. Ron Hubbard's first hard-covered book.
Buckskin Brigades was L. Ron Hubbard's first published novel.
In the next year after the publication of Buckskin Brigades, L. Ron Hubbard became a contributor to Astounding Science Fiction.
Winfred Blevins wrote the introduction to Buckskin Brigades.
Some sources state that L. Ron Hubbard became a blood brother to the Piegan Blackfeet Native American tribe while living in Montana.
The claim that L. Ron Hubbard became a blood brother to the Piegan Blackfeet Native American tribe is disputed.
L. Ron Hubbard incorporates historical background from the Blackfeet tribe into Buckskin Brigades.
The Birds on the Trees is a novel.
Nina Bawden is the author of The Birds on the Trees.
The Birds on the Trees was first published in 1970.
The Birds on the Trees is about a middle-class English family.
The middle-class English family has a 19-year-old son.
The 19-year-old son does not live up to his parents' expectations.
Three Comrades is a novel.
Three Comrades was first published in 1936.
Erich Maria Remarque is a German author.
Three Comrades is written in first person.
The main character of Three Comrades is Robert Lohkamp.
Robert Lohkamp has a somewhat disillusioned outlook on life.
Robert Lohkamp's disillusioned outlook on life is due to his horrifying experiences in the trenches of the First World War's French-German front.
Robert Lohkamp shares his experiences with Otto Köster and Gottfried Lenz.
Otto Köster and Gottfried Lenz are Robert Lohkamp's two comrades.
Robert Lohkamp, Otto Köster, and Gottfried Lenz run an auto-repair shop.
The auto-repair shop is located in late 1920s Berlin.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Three Comrades in exile.
Three Comrades was first published in Dutch translation as Drie kameraden.
The English translation of Three Comrades followed soon in Good Housekeeping.
The English translation of Three Comrades was published from January to March 1937.
The book form of the English translation of Three Comrades was published in the same year, 1937.
The first German language edition of Three Comrades was published in 1938.
The first German language edition of Three Comrades was published by the exile publisher Querido in Amsterdam.
Three Comrades was published in Germany only in 1951.
The Golden Hour is a children's novel.
Maiya Williams is the author of The Golden Hour.
The Golden Hour was first published in 2004.
The Golden Hour is the first of the Golden Hour time travel series.
The Golden Hour tells the story of Rowan Popplewell and his sister, Nina.
Rowan Popplewell and Nina are emotionally disturbed by the death of their mother.
Rowan Popplewell and Nina travel back in time to the French Revolution.
Spirit of the Border is a historical novel.
Spirit of the Border was written by Zane Grey.
Spirit of the Border was first published in 1906.
The novel is based on events occurring in the Ohio River Valley in the late eighteenth century.
The novel features the exploits of Lewis Wetzel.
Lewis Wetzel was a historical personage.
Lewis Wetzel dedicated his life to the destruction of Native Americans.
Lewis Wetzel dedicated his life to the protection of nascent white settlements in the Ohio River Valley.
The story deals with the attempt by Moravian Church missionaries to Christianize Indians.
The story deals with how two brothers' lives take different paths upon their arrival on the border.
Spirit of the Border is a highly romanticized account.
Spirit of the Border is the second novel in a trilogy.
The first novel in the trilogy is 'Betty Zane'.
'Betty Zane' is Zane Grey's first published work.
The third novel in the trilogy is 'The Last Trail'.
'The Last Trail' focuses on the life of Jonathan Zane.
Jonathan Zane is Zane Grey's ancestor.
Garajonay National Park is located in the center and north of the island of La Gomera.
La Gomera is one of the Canary Islands.
Garajonay National Park was declared a national park in 1981.
Garajonay National Park was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986.
Garajonay National Park occupies 40 km.
40 km is equivalent to 15 square miles.
Garajonay National Park extends into each of the six municipalities on the island of La Gomera.
North Cascades National Park is a U.S. National Park.
North Cascades National Park is located in the state of Washington.
North Cascades National Park is the largest of the three National Park Service units.
The three National Park Service units comprise the North Cascades National Park Service Complex.
Several national wilderness areas adjoin North Cascades National Park.
British Columbia parkland adjoins North Cascades National Park.
North Cascades National Park features rugged mountain peaks.
North Cascades National Park protects portions of the North Cascades range.
The Roque Cinchado is a rock formation.
The Roque Cinchado is regarded as emblematic of the island of Tenerife.
The island of Tenerife is located in the Canary Islands, Spain.
The Roque Cinchado lies within the Teide National Park.
Teide National Park is a World Heritage Site.
Teide National Park is located in the municipality of La Orotava.
Teide National Park is near the volcano of the same name.
Teide National Park is located in the heart of the island of Tenerife.
The Roque Cinchado is one of the largest rock formations in the world by altitude.
The entire Teide National Park totals more than 2000 metres.
Adenocarpus viscosus is a shrubby species of flowering plant.
Adenocarpus viscosus belongs to the legume family Fabaceae.
Adenocarpus viscosus belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
Adenocarpus viscosus is endemic to the Canary Islands.
Adenocarpus viscosus is known locally as Codeso del Pico.
Adenocarpus viscosus can be found above 1800 m on two of the islands.
One of the islands where Adenocarpus viscosus can be found is La Palma.
La Palma is located in Caldera de Tabouriente.
Another island where Adenocarpus viscosus can be found is Tenerife.
Adenocarpus viscosus is a dominant shrub in Teide National Park.
Adenocarpus viscosus occurs in parts of Corona Forestal Nature Park.
Adenocarpus viscosus occurs in Reserva Especial de las Palomas.
The Training centre for release of the Atma-energy is also known as the Atman Foundation.
The Atman Foundation was a new religious movement.
The Atman Foundation was active mainly on the island of Tenerife and in Germany.
The Atman Foundation was originally a splinter group of the Brahma Kumaris.
The Atman Foundation is known for a police and media scare.
An alleged attempt to commit ritual suicide took place in Teide National Park in Tenerife.
The group believed in the end of the world.
Georg Schmid is a religious studies scholar.
Massimo Introvigne is a sociologist.
Georg Schmid and Massimo Introvigne stated that the Atman Foundation had no intention of collective suicide.
Teide National Park is a national park.
Teide National Park is located in Tenerife.
Tenerife is part of the Canary Islands.
The Canary Islands are located in Spain.
Teide National Park is also known as Parque nacional del Teide in Spanish.
Crater Lake National Park is a United States National Park.
Crater Lake National Park is located in southern Oregon.
Crater Lake National Park was established in 1902.
Crater Lake National Park is the fifth-oldest national park in the United States.
Crater Lake National Park is the only national park in Oregon.
Crater Lake National Park encompasses the caldera of Crater Lake.
Crater Lake is a remnant of a destroyed volcano.
The destroyed volcano is named Mount Mazama.
Crater Lake National Park encompasses the surrounding hills and forests.
The Glacier National Park Fund was established in 1999.
The Glacier National Park Fund is an organization.
The main goal of the Glacier National Park Fund is to raise money.
The money raised by the Glacier National Park Fund supports the demands of Glacier National Park.
Glacier National Park is located in West Glacier, Montana.
According to the National Park Service, the Glacier National Park Fund supports park projects, programs, and services in four areas.
The four areas supported by the Glacier National Park Fund are to preserve the park experience, to provide curriculum-based instruction, to research the park ecosystem, and to prepare for the 2010 Centennial year of the park.
The Glacier National Park Fund provided funds for different studies.
In July 2007, the Glacier National Park Fund funded a study involving human and bear aversion techniques.
In 2009, the Glacier National Park Fund granted $10,000.
The $10,000 granted by the Glacier National Park Fund enabled biologists to learn more about the Bighorn Sheep.
The Bighorn Sheep inhabit Glacier National Park.
The Bighorn Sheep inhabit Glacier National Park along the park's boundary with the Blackfeet Indian Reservation.
The Glacier National Park Fund has an official mascot.
The official mascot of the Glacier National Park Fund is named Billy Bowman.
Hermigua is a town in the northeastern part of La Gomera.
Hermigua is a municipality in the northeastern part of La Gomera.
La Gomera is located in the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
Santa Cruz de Tenerife is part of the Canary Islands.
Santa Cruz de Tenerife is located in Spain.
Hermigua is located 12 km northwest of the island's capital, San Sebastián de la Gomera.
The Garajonay National Park covers the southern part of the municipality of Hermigua.
The Alpine National Park is a national park.
The Alpine National Park is located in the Central Highlands and Alpine regions of Victoria, Australia.
The Alpine National Park covers an area of 646000 ha.
The Alpine National Park is located northeast of Melbourne.
The Alpine National Park is the largest National Park in Victoria.
The Alpine National Park covers much of the higher areas of the Great Dividing Range in Victoria.
The Alpine National Park includes Victoria's highest point, Mount Bogong.
Mount Bogong has an elevation of 1986 m.
The Alpine National Park includes the associated subalpine woodland and grassland of the Bogong High Plains.
The north-eastern boundary of the Alpine National Park is along the border with New South Wales.
The Alpine National Park abuts the Kosciuszko National Park.
On 7 November 2008, the Alpine National Park was added to the Australian National Heritage List.
The Australian National Heritage List includes eleven areas constituting the Australian Alps National Parks and Reserves.
The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl is a short story collection for adults.
The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl was published in 1991.
Roald Dahl is the author of The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl.
The collection contains tales of macabre malevolence.
The collection comprises many of Roald Dahl's stories seen in the television series 'Tales of the Unexpected'.
The collection includes stories previously collected in 'Someone Like You' (1953).
The collection includes stories previously collected in 'Kiss, Kiss' (1960).
The collection includes stories previously collected in 'Twenty-Nine Kisses from Roald Dahl' (1969).
The collection includes stories previously collected in 'Ppo poo face' (1974).
The collection includes stories previously collected in an unnamed collection from 1989.
Roald Dahl's Willy Wonka is a musical.
Roald Dahl's Willy Wonka combines elements of Roald Dahl's book 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory'.
Roald Dahl's Willy Wonka combines elements of the 1971 movie 'Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory'.
Roald Dahl's Willy Wonka includes newly created material.
The musical has several versions.
The original version of the musical premiered in 2004.
The musical has a Junior version.
The musical has a Kids version.
The musical has a Theatre for Young Audiences version.
All versions of the musical are owned by Music Theatre International.
Music Theatre International is the company that owns the Willy Wonka license.
The Roald Dahl Treasury is an anthology of works.
The works are by the children's author Roald Dahl.
The Roald Dahl Treasury was first published in the United Kingdom in 1997.
Puffin Books was the publisher of The Roald Dahl Treasury.
The Roald Dahl Children's Gallery is located in Church Street, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England.
The Roald Dahl Children's Gallery is a children's museum in honour of Roald Dahl.
The Roald Dahl Children's Gallery was opened on 23 November 1996.
Terence Hardiman opened the Roald Dahl Children's Gallery.
Terence Hardiman is an actor popular with children due to his role as the titular character in 'The Demon Headmaster'.
The building that houses the Roald Dahl Children's Gallery was previously a coach-house.
Mrs. Bixby and the Colonel's Coat is a short story.
Roald Dahl is the author of the short story Mrs. Bixby and the Colonel's Coat.
The short story Mrs. Bixby and the Colonel's Coat first appeared in the 1959 issue of Nugget.
The story Mrs. Bixby and the Colonel's Coat is a variation by Roald Dahl on a popular anecdote.
The popular anecdote dates back at least to 1939.
The anecdote involves a married woman who receives a glamorous mink coat from a man with whom she had an affair.
The married woman hopes to sneak the glamorous mink coat into her home without arousing her husband's suspicions.
The married woman soon discovers that her husband has plans of his own.
Roald Dahl: Collected Stories is a hardcover edition of short stories.
The short stories are by Roald Dahl.
The short stories are intended for adults.
Roald Dahl: Collected Stories was published in the US in October 2006.
Random House published Roald Dahl: Collected Stories.
Roald Dahl: Collected Stories is part of the Everyman Library.
The present volume includes all the stories in chronological order.
The chronological order was established by Jeremy Treglown.
Jeremy Treglown is a biographer of Roald Dahl.
Jeremy Treglown established the chronological order in consultation with the Dahl estate.
A few of the short stories were not published chronologically in book form.
The few short stories appeared later in the collection titled 'More Tales of the Unexpected'.
'More Tales of the Unexpected' was published in 1980.
The collection contains all of the short stories published in the following collections.
Roald Dahl Plass is a public space in Cardiff Bay.
Cardiff Bay is located in Cardiff, Wales.
Roald Dahl Plass is named after Roald Dahl.
Roald Dahl was a Cardiff-born author.
Roald Dahl Plass is located on the coast along the south of the city centre.
The square is home to the Senedd.
The Senedd is the Welsh Assembly Building.
The square is home to the Wales Millennium Centre.
The Wales Millennium Centre is a performing arts centre.
The bowl-like shape of Roald Dahl Plass has made it a popular amphitheatre for hosting open-air concerts.
The Best of Roald Dahl is a collection of 25 short stories.
The short stories are written by Roald Dahl.
The first edition of The Best of Roald Dahl was published in 1978.
Roald Dahl's Tales of the Unexpected is a collection of sixteen short stories.
Roald Dahl was a British author.
Roald Dahl's Tales of the Unexpected was first published in 1979.
All of the stories in Roald Dahl's Tales of the Unexpected were earlier published in various magazines.
The stories in Roald Dahl's Tales of the Unexpected were then published in the collection 'Someone Like You'.
The stories in Roald Dahl's Tales of the Unexpected were also published in the collection 'Kiss Kiss'.
Roald Dahl short stories bibliography is a comprehensive annotated list of short stories.
The short stories were written by Roald Dahl.
CrissCross is a 1992 American drama film.
Chris Menges directed CrissCross.
Scott Sommer wrote CrissCross.
CrissCross is based on the homonymous novel by Scott Sommer.
Goldie Hawn stars in CrissCross.
Arliss Howard stars in CrissCross.
Keith Carradine stars in CrissCross.
Steve Buscemi stars in CrissCross.
David Arnott stars in CrissCross.
Made in Britain is a 1982 British television play.
David Leland wrote Made in Britain.
Alan Clarke directed Made in Britain.
Made in Britain is about a 16-year-old racist skinhead named Trevor.
Trevor has constant confrontations with authority figures.
Made in Britain was originally broadcast on ITV on 10 July 1983.
Made in Britain was the fourth in an untitled series of works by David Leland.
The untitled series of works by David Leland includes 'Birth of a Nation'.
The untitled series of works by David Leland is loosely based around the British educational system.
The untitled series of works by David Leland subsequently acquired the overall title of 'Tales Out of School'.
Alan Clarke attempts to depict English working-class life realistically in his works.
Alan Clarke's works do not include moralising or complex plots.
Made in Britain features strong language.
Made in Britain features violence.
Made in Britain features racism.
Made in Britain features an anti-establishment feeling.
Chris Menges is the cinematographer of Made in Britain.
Chris Menges's use of the Steadicam contributed to the fluid and gritty atmosphere of Made in Britain.
The Lost Son is a 1999 crime drama.
The Lost Son stars French actor Daniel Auteuil.
The Lost Son is set in London.
Chris Menges directed The Lost Son.
Linda Mvusi was born around 1955 in Bloemfontein.
Linda Mvusi is an actress.
Linda Mvusi is an architect.
Linda Mvusi took an award for best actress at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
Linda Mvusi received the award for her role in the film 'A World Apart'.
The film 'A World Apart' was directed by Chris Menges.
Linda Mvusi was the first South African to receive a best actress award at Cannes.
Linda Mvusi shared in an award for excellence for her architecture on the Apartheid Museum.
End of the Road is a 1970 film.
Aram Avakian directed the film End of the Road.
Aram Avakian co-wrote the film End of the Road.
Aram Avakian edited the film End of the Road.
The film End of the Road was adapted from a 1958 novel.
The 1958 novel was written by John Barth.
Stacy Keach stars in the film End of the Road.
James Earl Jones stars in the film End of the Road.
Harris Yulin stars in the film End of the Road.
A World Apart is a 1988 anti-Apartheid drama.
A World Apart was written by Shawn Slovo.
A World Apart was directed by Chris Menges.
A World Apart is based on the lives of Shawn Slovo's parents.
Shawn Slovo's parents are Ruth First and Joe Slovo.
The film was a co-production between companies from the UK and Zimbabwe.
The movie was filmed in Zimbabwe.
A World Apart features Hans Zimmer's first non-collaborative film score.
11 Harrowhouse is a 1974 British film.
Aram Avakian directed 11 Harrowhouse.
Charles Grodin adapted 11 Harrowhouse based upon the novel by Gerald A. Browne.
Jeffrey Bloom wrote the screenplay for 11 Harrowhouse.
11 Harrowhouse stars Charles Grodin.
11 Harrowhouse stars Candice Bergen.
11 Harrowhouse stars James Mason.
11 Harrowhouse stars Trevor Howard.
11 Harrowhouse stars John Gielgud.
Second Best is a 1994 British film.
Sarah Radclyffe produced Second Best.
Chris Menges directed Second Best.
Second Best closely follows the 1991 novel of the same name.
David Cook wrote the 1991 novel of the same name.
David Cook also wrote the screenplay for Second Best.
Chris Menges BSC, ASC was born on 15 September 1940.
Chris Menges BSC, ASC is an English cinematographer.
Chris Menges BSC, ASC is a film director.
Chris Menges BSC, ASC is a member of the American Society of Cinematographers.
Chris Menges BSC, ASC is a member of the British Society of Cinematographers.
Cops and Robbers is a 1973 crime comedy film.
Cops and Robbers was directed by Aram Avakian.
Cops and Robbers has an original screenplay by Donald E. Westlake.
Donald E. Westlake subsequently expanded the original screenplay into a novel.
The film stars Cliff Gorman as Tom.
The film stars Joseph Bologna as Joe.
An advice column is a column traditionally presented in a magazine or newspaper.
An advice column can also be delivered through other news media, such as the internet and broadcast news media.
The advice column format is question and answer.
A reader writes to the media outlet with a problem in the form of a question.
The media outlet provides an answer or response to the reader's question.
The responses are written by an advice columnist.
An advice columnist is colloquially known in British English as an agony aunt if the columnist is female.
An advice columnist is colloquially known in British English as an agony uncle if the columnist is male.
The image presented was originally of an older woman dispensing comforting advice and maternal wisdom.
The name 'aunt' is derived from the image of an older woman dispensing comforting advice and maternal wisdom.
An advice columnist can also be someone who gives advice to people who send in problems to the newspaper.
EvidenceNetwork.ca creates media content on public policy topics for publication in the mainstream media.
EvidenceNetwork.ca links journalists with policy experts.
EvidenceNetwork.ca provides access to non-partisan, evidence-based information.
According to the annual reports of EvidenceNetwork.ca, they have published hundreds of original articles in every major media outlet in Canada every year since 2011.
EvidenceNetwork.ca has reprinted over 3700 articles across media outlets.
All content created by EvidenceNetwork.ca carries a Creative Commons license.
State media is media for mass communication.
State media is controlled financially and editorially by the state.
State-owned media is media for mass communication.
State-owned media is controlled financially and editorially by the state.
State media may be the sole media outlet.
State media may exist in competition with corporate media.
State media may exist in competition with non-corporate media.
14ymedio is the first independent digital media outlet in Cuba.
14ymedio was founded on May 21, 2014.
Yoani Sánchez is a Cuban blogger and activist.
Reinaldo Escobar is a Cuban journalist.
Yoani Sánchez and Reinaldo Escobar founded 14ymedio.
The project of 14ymedio started with a group of 12 reporters.
The objective of the group of 12 reporters was to produce a digital media outlet with different types of news.
The newspaper 14ymedio contains news about Cuba.
The newspaper 14ymedio contains news about the world.
The topics related to national politics are covered by the newspaper 14ymedio.
The topics related to international politics are covered by the newspaper 14ymedio.
The topics related to economy are covered by the newspaper 14ymedio.
The topics related to culture are covered by the newspaper 14ymedio.
The topics related to society are covered by the newspaper 14ymedio.
The topics related to science and technology are covered by the newspaper 14ymedio.
The topics related to sports are covered by the newspaper 14ymedio.
The newspaper 14ymedio publishes editorials.
The newspaper 14ymedio publishes opinion articles.
The newspaper 14ymedio publishes interviews.
The Conversation is an independent media outlet.
The Conversation is a not-for-profit media outlet.
The Conversation uses content sourced from the academic and research community.
The Australian website of The Conversation launched in March 2011.
The Conversation has expanded into six editions since its launch.
The Conversation added a United Kingdom version in 2013.
The Conversation added a United States version in 2014.
The Conversation added an Africa version in May 2015.
The Conversation added a France version in September 2015.
The Conversation added a Global version in September 2016.
The Conversation publishes all content under a Creative Commons license.
As of May 2017, The Conversation reports a monthly online audience of 5.2 million users onsite.
As of May 2017, The Conversation has a reach of 35 million people through Creative Commons republication.
AMI is a not-for-profit media company.
AMI entertains Canadians who are blind or partially sighted.
AMI informs Canadians who are blind or partially sighted.
AMI empowers Canadians who are blind or partially sighted.
AMI operates three broadcast services.
AMI-tv is one of the broadcast services operated by AMI.
AMI-audio is one of the broadcast services operated by AMI.
AMI-télé is one of the broadcast services operated by AMI.
AMI-tv operates in English.
AMI-audio operates in English.
AMI-télé operates in French.
AMI’s vision is to establish and support a voice for Canadians with disabilities.
AMI represents the interests of Canadians with disabilities.
AMI represents the concerns of Canadians with disabilities.
AMI represents the values of Canadians with disabilities.
AMI achieves its vision through accessible media.
AMI achieves its vision through reflection.
AMI achieves its vision through portrayal.
Andrew Jaspan was born on 20 April 1952.
Andrew Jaspan is a British-Australian journalist.
Andrew Jaspan is the co-founder of 'The Conversation'.
'The Conversation' is an independent not-for-profit website of analysis and news from the university and research sector.
Andrew Jaspan was the Editor-in-Chief of 'The Conversation' from its launch in March 2011 until March 2017.
The Vatileaks scandal is a scandal involving leaked Vatican documents.
The leaked Vatican documents expose alleged corruption.
An internal Vatican investigation purportedly uncovered the blackmailing of homosexual clergy.
The blackmailing of homosexual clergy was conducted by individuals outside the Church.
Gianluigi Nuzzi is an Italian journalist.
Gianluigi Nuzzi published letters from Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò.
Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò begged not to be transferred.
Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò begged not to be transferred for having exposed alleged corruption.
The alleged corruption cost the Holy See millions in higher contract prices.
The name 'VatiLeaks' is a play on the word 'WikiLeaks'.
WikiLeaks is a not-for-profit media organisation.
The goal of WikiLeaks is to bring important news and information to the public.
Chicago Public Media is a not-for-profit media company.
Chicago Public Media operates as the primary National Public Radio member organization for Chicago.
Chicago Public Media owns three non-commercial educational FM broadcast stations.
Chicago Public Media owns one FM translator.
Chicago Public Media produces the program 'Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!' for NPR stations.
Chicago Public Media produces the program 'This American Life' which is self-distributed.
Chicago Public Media uses PRX for distribution of 'This American Life' to other radio stations.
Chicago Public Media produces the program 'Sound Opinions' for PRX.
Chicago Public Media is based at Navy Pier in Chicago.
990WBOB is a digital media and radio outlet.
990WBOB is based in Providence, Rhode Island.
990WBOB was founded in Providence, Rhode Island in 2007.
990WBOB.com is an all-encompassing digital media powerhouse in the New England market.
990WBOB.com is an independent media outlet.
990WBOB.com is a two-time Providence Phoenix Best Blog Award winner.
990WBOB.com provides up-to-the-minute news.
990WBOB.com provides sports.
990WBOB.com provides politics.
990WBOB.com provides weather.
990WBOB.com uses an award-winning digital print and radio platform.
990WBOB.com has more than 80,000 listeners in Rhode Island.
990WBOB.com is available in more than 200,000 homes nationwide.
Mihai Mălaimare Jr. was born in 1975.
Mihai Mălaimare Jr. is a Romanian cinematographer.
Mihai Mălaimare Jr. is the son of a Romanian actor.
Mihai Mălaimare Jr. is the son of a former politician.
Mihai Mălaimare Jr. was a cinematographer on films directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Mihai Mălaimare Jr. was a cinematographer on films directed by Paul Thomas Anderson.
Mihai Mălaimare Jr. was nominated for Best Cinematography at the 24th Independent Spirit Awards.
Mihai Mălaimare Jr. was nominated for Best Cinematography for the film 'Youth Without Youth' in 2008.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best Editing is one of the annual awards.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best Editing is given by the Independent Spirit Awards.
The Independent Spirit Awards is a non-profit organization.
The Independent Spirit Awards is dedicated to independent film.
The Independent Spirit Awards is dedicated to independent filmmakers.
The 32nd Independent Spirit Awards nominees were announced by Film Independent on November 22, 2016.
Film Independent is a nonprofit arts organization that produces the Independent Spirit Awards.
The ceremony took place on Saturday, February 25, 2017.
The ceremony was hosted by Nick Kroll and John Mulaney.
The ceremony was broadcast live on IFC at 2:00 pm PT.
Online streaming service Sundance Now live-streamed the Spirit Awards concurrently with the telecast.
An on-demand version of the Spirit Awards was available on Sundance Now.
Silent Light is a 2007 film.
Carlos Reygadas wrote and directed Silent Light.
Silent Light is also known as 'Stellet Licht' in Plautdietsch.
Silent Light is also known as 'Luz silenciosa' in Spanish.
Silent Light was filmed in a Mennonite colony close to Cuauhtémoc.
Cuauhtémoc is located in Chihuahua State, Northern Mexico.
Silent Light tells the story of a Mennonite married man.
The Mennonite married man falls in love with another woman.
The love affair threatens the Mennonite married man's place in the conservative community.
The dialogue in Silent Light is in Plautdietsch.
Plautdietsch is the Low German dialect of the Mennonites.
Silent Light was selected as the Mexican entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 80th Academy Awards.
Silent Light did not make the shortlist for the Best Foreign Language Oscar.
Silent Light was nominated for Best Foreign Film at the 24th Independent Spirit Awards.
Silent Light gained nine nominations in the Ariel Awards.
The Ariel Awards are the Mexican national awards.
Silent Light received nominations in all major categories at the Ariel Awards.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography is one of the annual awards.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography is given by the Independent Spirit Awards.
The Independent Spirit Awards is a non-profit organization.
The Independent Spirit Awards is dedicated to independent film.
The Independent Spirit Awards is dedicated to independent filmmakers.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best Film is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best Feature is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
The 2012 Independent Spirit Awards was the 28th annual occasion of the Film Independent Spirit Awards.
The 2012 Independent Spirit Awards announced its nominees on November 27, 2012.
The winners of the 2012 Independent Spirit Awards were announced on February 23, 2013.
The awards ceremony for the 2012 Independent Spirit Awards was hosted by Andy Samberg.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature is usually given to the director or directors.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature is usually given to the producer or producers.
The 'first feature' designation is applied to the director.
The 'first feature' designation is not applied to the producer or producers.
Producers have been nominated multiple times for the Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature.
The Film Independent Spirit Awards are awards dedicated to independent filmmakers.
The Film Independent Spirit Awards are abbreviated as 'Spirit Awards'.
The Film Independent Spirit Awards were originally known as the FINDIE or Friends of Independents Awards.
The Film Independent Spirit Awards were founded in 1984.
Winners of the Film Independent Spirit Awards were typically presented with acrylic glass pyramids.
The acrylic glass pyramids contained suspended shoestrings.
The suspended shoestrings represented the paltry budgets of independent films.
Since 2006, winners of the Film Independent Spirit Awards have received a trophy.
The trophy depicts a bird with its wings spread sitting atop of a pole.
The shoestrings from the previous design are wrapped around the pole of the trophy.
Neil N. LaBute was born on March 19, 1963.
Neil N. LaBute is an American film director.
Neil N. LaBute is a screenwriter.
Neil N. LaBute is a playwright.
Neil N. LaBute is an actor.
Neil N. LaBute is best-known for a play that he wrote and later turned into a film.
The play that Neil N. LaBute wrote and later turned into a film is titled 'In the Company of Men'.
'In the Company of Men' was released in 1997.
'In the Company of Men' won awards from the Sundance Film Festival.
'In the Company of Men' won awards from the Independent Spirit Awards.
'In the Company of Men' won awards from the New York Film Critics Circle.
Neil N. LaBute wrote and directed the film 'Possession'.
'Possession' was released in 2002.
'Possession' is based on the A.S. Byatt novel.
Neil N. LaBute wrote and directed the film 'The Shape of Things'.
'The Shape of Things' was released in 2003.
'The Shape of Things' is based on Neil N. LaBute's play of the same name.
Neil N. LaBute wrote and directed the film 'The Wicker Man'.
'The Wicker Man' was released in 2006.
Neil N. LaBute wrote and directed the film 'Some Velvet Morning'.
'Some Velvet Morning' was released in 2013.
Neil N. LaBute wrote and directed the film 'Dirty Weekend'.
'Dirty Weekend' was released in 2015.
Neil N. LaBute directed the film 'Nurse Betty'.
'Nurse Betty' was released in 2000.
Neil N. LaBute directed the film 'Lakeview Terrace'.
'Lakeview Terrace' was released in 2008.
Neil N. LaBute directed the film 'Death at a Funeral'.
'Death at a Funeral' was released in 2010.
Neil N. LaBute created the TV series 'Billy & Billie'.
Neil N. LaBute wrote and directed all of the episodes of 'Billy & Billie'.
Neil N. LaBute is also the creator of 'Van Helsing'.
Neil N. LaBute directed several episodes for the show 'Hell on Wheels'.
Neil N. LaBute directed several episodes for the show 'Billions'.
Bill Cosby is a Very Funny Fellow...Right! is the debut album release by Bill Cosby.
Bill Cosby is a comedian.
The album was recorded live at the nightclub The Bitter End.
The Bitter End is located in New York City's Greenwich Village.
The recording took place during early 1963.
The album includes three sketches about Noah.
At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings is an album.
At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings is an album by Bill Cosby.
At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings is Bill Cosby's fifth music-based album.
At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings is the only album released on the Stax Records-distributed Partee Records.
At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings features appearances from former Stevie Wonder band members.
Ray Parker, Jr. is a future R&B star.
Ray Parker, Jr. plays guitar on At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings.
At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings features a second collaboration with Bill Cosby's songwriting partner Stu Gardner.
Stu Gardner plays organ on At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings.
"Yes, Yes, Yes" is a musical comedy/parody song.
"Yes, Yes, Yes" was co-written by Bill Cosby.
"Yes, Yes, Yes" was recorded by Bill Cosby.
"Yes, Yes, Yes" was released as a single in 1976.
Bill Cosby is a comedian.
The song came from Bill Cosby's 1976 album.
The title of the album is "Bill Cosby Is Not Himself These Days".
Disco Bill is an album released in 1977.
Disco Bill is an album by Bill Cosby.
Disco Bill is Bill Cosby's fifth musical comedy/parody album.
Disco Bill is Bill Cosby's last musical comedy/parody album.
Bill Cosby stated he improvised much of the material on Disco Bill.
Disco Bill spoofs the disco craze of the late 1970s.
Bill Cosby previously released an album titled 'Bill Cosby Is Not Himself These Days'.
Why Is There Air? is Bill Cosby's third album.
Why Is There Air? was recorded at the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Why Is There Air? won the 1966 Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.
Bill Cosby is the artist of the album Why Is There Air?.
The Flamingo Hotel is located in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The 1966 Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album was awarded to Why Is There Air?.
Bill Cosby Talks to Kids About Drugs (1971) is an album.
Bill Cosby is the artist of the album Bill Cosby Talks to Kids About Drugs (1971).
Bill Cosby Talks to Kids About Drugs (1971) is not a full-fledged comedy album.
Bill Cosby Talks to Kids About Drugs (1971) is a record intended for children.
The record Bill Cosby Talks to Kids About Drugs (1971) aims to school children on the dangers of drugs.
The record Bill Cosby Talks to Kids About Drugs (1971) uses songs and dialogue to convey its message.
Bill Cosby Talks to Kids About Drugs (1971) won the Grammy Award in 1972.
The Grammy Award won by Bill Cosby Talks to Kids About Drugs (1971) was for Best Recording for Children.
Bill's Best Friend is the 17th comedy album by Bill Cosby.
Much of the material from Bill's Best Friend was recycled in the film and accompanying album 'Himself'.
The story of the car with the airplane engine was previously attributed to Fat Albert.
On the album Bill's Best Friend, the owner of the car with the airplane engine is referred to as 'Charlie Waynes'.
The car in the Fat Albert sketch was a 1941 Mercury.
The car on the album Bill's Best Friend is a 1942 DeSoto.
The album Bill's Best Friend and Bill Cosby's previous Capitol Records album were repackaged in Australia as a two-CD set in 1992.
The two-CD set repackaged in Australia in 1992 is called 'The Bill Cosby Collection'.
The Original Jam Sessions 1969 is an album.
The Original Jam Sessions 1969 was released in 2004.
Quincy Jones is a musician.
Bill Cosby is a comedian.
Quincy Jones and Bill Cosby collaborated on the album.
The album was recorded as backing music for The Bill Cosby Show.
The Bill Cosby Show was produced in 1969.
The theme song for The Bill Cosby Show was released as a well-known single in 1969.
The theme song for The Bill Cosby Show was written and performed by Quincy Jones.
The theme song for The Bill Cosby Show was written and performed by Bill Cosby.
The theme song for The Bill Cosby Show is known for its nonsense lyrics.
The theme song for The Bill Cosby Show is on the album Smackwater Jack.
Hikky Burr was featured on the album The Original Jam Sessions 1969.
Hikky Burr was featured on the album The Best of Bill Cosby.
Inside the Mind of Bill Cosby is the 14th album of stand-up comedy by Bill Cosby.
Inside the Mind of Bill Cosby was released in 1972.
Inside the Mind of Bill Cosby is the fifteenth album released by Bill Cosby.
Inside the Mind of Bill Cosby is the fourth album released on Uni Records by Bill Cosby.
When Uni Records folded, the album was distributed by its parent company, MCA.
The album Inside the Mind of Bill Cosby is available on compact disc.
The other Uni albums by Bill Cosby have not been released on compact disc to date.
Energy shots are a specialized kind of energy drink.
Energy shots contain a dose of the stimulant caffeine.
Energy shots are contained in a small amount of liquid.
Most energy drinks are sold in cans or bottles.
Energy shots are usually sold in 50ml bottles.
Energy shots can contain the same total amount of caffeine as larger versions of energy drinks.
Energy shots can contain the same total amount of vitamins as larger versions of energy drinks.
Energy shots can contain the same total amount of other functional ingredients as larger versions of energy drinks.
Energy shots may be considered concentrated forms of energy drinks.
Micro shot energy drinks exist.
Micro shot energy drinks contain only 1-5 teaspoons of liquid.
A soft drink is a drink that typically contains carbonated water.
A soft drink typically contains a sweetener.
A soft drink typically contains a natural flavoring.
A soft drink typically contains an artificial flavoring.
The sweetener in a soft drink may be sugar.
The sweetener in a soft drink may be high-fructose corn syrup.
The sweetener in a soft drink may be fruit juice.
The sweetener in a soft drink may be sugar substitutes in the case of diet drinks.
The sweetener in a soft drink may be some combination of sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, fruit juice, and sugar substitutes.
Soft drinks may also contain caffeine.
Soft drinks may also contain colorings.
Soft drinks may also contain preservatives.
Soft drinks may also contain other ingredients.
The Gibson is a mixed drink.
The Gibson is made with gin and vermouth.
The Gibson is often garnished with a pickled onion.
The oldest published recipe for the Gibson is found in the 1908 book titled 'The World's Drinks And How To Mix Them'.
William Boothby is the author of the book 'The World's Drinks And How To Mix Them'.
Tum-E Yummies is a line of fruit flavored water drinks.
The drinks come in a 10.1oz bottle.
The bottle has a resealable sport cap.
The drinks have 50 calories per bottle.
The drinks contain 13g of sugar per bottle.
The drinks contain 100% daily value of vitamin C per bottle.
The drinks contain 100% daily value of vitamin B6 per bottle.
The drinks contain 100% daily value of vitamin B12 per bottle.
The drinks are available in the flavors Very Berry Blue, Orange-arific, Fruitabulous Punch, Greentastic Apple, and Sour-sational Raspberry.
Tum-E Yummies is sold nationwide.
Tum-E Yummies is located in the juice aisle or cooler in stores.
Tum-E Yummies is sold in stores like Walmart and Kroger.
Tum-E Yummies is also sold in other grocery stores.
Tum-E Yummies is sold in convenience stores.
Tum-E Yummies is sold in value stores.
Tum-E Yummies is sold in mass merchandiser stores.
The gin pennant is a maritime flag.
The gin pennant is sometimes referred to as the gin flag.
The gin pennant is sometimes referred to as the drinking pennant.
When the gin pennant is flown aboard a ship, it indicates an open invitation to other ships' officers.
The open invitation is for other ships' officers to come aboard for drinks.
This is a list of soft drinks.
The soft drinks are listed in order of the brand's country of origin.
A soft drink is a beverage.
A soft drink typically contains water.
The water in a soft drink is often, but not always, carbonated water.
A soft drink usually contains a sweetener.
A soft drink usually contains a flavoring agent.
The sweetener in a soft drink may be sugar.
The sweetener in a soft drink may be high-fructose corn syrup.
The sweetener in a soft drink may be fruit juice.
The sweetener in a soft drink may be sugar substitutes.
The sweetener in a soft drink may be a combination of these.
Soft drinks may also contain caffeine.
Soft drinks may also contain colorings.
Soft drinks may also contain preservatives.
Soft drinks may also contain other ingredients.
Rubicon Drinks Ltd is a soft drink manufacturer.
Rubicon Drinks Ltd was formerly known as Rubicon Products Ltd.
Rubicon Drinks Ltd is based in Milton Keynes, UK.
Rubicon Drinks Ltd specialises in exotic soft drinks.
Rubicon Drinks Ltd produces a variety of different flavours of drink.
Many of the drinks produced by Rubicon Drinks Ltd contain sugar or artificial sweeteners.
The drinks produced by Rubicon Drinks Ltd come in both still and sparkling varieties.
In the United Kingdom, the drinks produced by Rubicon Drinks Ltd are bottled and distributed by A.G. Barr plc.
Flaming beverages include cocktails and other mixed drinks.
Flaming beverages contain flammable, high-proof alcohol.
Flammable, high-proof alcohol is ignited prior to consumption.
The alcohol may be an integral part of the drink.
The alcohol may be floated as a thin layer across the top of the drink.
The flames are mostly for dramatic flair.
The flames alter the flavor of the drink in combination with certain ingredients.
Some flavors are enhanced by the flames.
The flames may impart a toasted flavor to some drinks.
Phillips Distilling Company was established in 1912.
Phillips Distilling Company is a distillery based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Phillips Distilling Company is a house brand of liquors.
Phillips Distilling Company is known for its omnipresence in the bars, taverns, and private shelves of the Great Plains.
Brands such as UV Vodka and Prairie Vodka are becoming popular across the nation.
Phillips Distilling Company produces a variety of liquors.
The variety of liquors produced by Phillips Distilling Company includes Vodka, Gin, Rum, Canadian whisky, Brandy, and many flavors of Schnapps.
In recent years, Phillips Distilling Company has branched out beyond standard liquors.
Phillips Distilling Company offers a variety of specialty drinks.
One of the specialty drinks offered by Phillips Distilling Company is Revel Stoke Spiced Whisky, which is the original spiced whisky.
Another specialty drink offered by Phillips Distilling Company is Gin-Ka, which is a combination of gin and vodka.
Phillips Distilling Company produces Phillips Union Whiskey.
Phillips Distilling Company produces a 100 proof series of Schnapps, which includes Hot, Blue, and Root Beer flavors.
Phillips Distilling Company produces vodka such as UV Vodka.
Phillips Distilling Company produces handcrafted and organic Prairie Vodka.
Phillips Distilling Company also produced an herbal liqueur named 'Black 100'.
'Black 100' is named for its 50% alcohol by volume content and opaque black color.
'Black 100' is similar in texture and flavor to Schwartzhog or Jakob Steiner.
CytoSport is an American manufacturer of sports-oriented nutritional products.
CytoSport is based in Benicia, California.
CytoSport offers a line of protein-enhanced powders.
CytoSport offers a line of protein-enhanced shakes.
CytoSport offers a line of protein-enhanced bars.
CytoSport has broken into the mainstream market with a ready-to-drink form of protein supplement called Muscle Milk.
Muscle Milk is a non-dairy beverage.
Muscle Milk is trans-fat-free.
Muscle Milk is lactose-free.
Muscle Milk contains no high fructose corn syrup.
Muscle Milk is shelf stable.
Muscle Milk mainly markets on taste.
Muscle Milk uses familiar milkshake flavors such as banana, milk chocolate, and vanilla to drive consumers to the product.
Muscle Milk is available in multiple drink sizes and formats.
Muscle Milk is sold in convenience stores alongside regular energy drinks.
Muscle Milk is sold in convenience stores alongside sports drinks.
The New Haven Documentary Film Festival is also known as NHdocs.
The New Haven Documentary Film Festival is an annual documentary film festival.
The New Haven Documentary Film Festival is held in New Haven, Connecticut.
The New Haven Documentary Film Festival takes place over a weekend in the month of June.
Screenings of the New Haven Documentary Film Festival take place at Yale University’s Whitney Humanities Center Auditorium.
Screenings of the New Haven Documentary Film Festival take place at the New Haven Free Public Library.
NHdocs is a regional festival.
NHdocs showcases documentaries by filmmakers from the greater New Haven area.
NHdocs showcases documentaries by filmmakers from beyond the greater New Haven area.
NHdocs was launched in 2014.
The co-founders of the New Haven Documentary Film Festival are Charles Musser, Gorman Bechard, Jacob Bricca, and Lisa Molomot.
Charles Musser, Gorman Bechard, Jacob Bricca, and Lisa Molomot came together at the Big Sky Documentary Film Festival.
Charles Musser, Gorman Bechard, Jacob Bricca, and Lisa Molomot decided to create a documentary film festival in New Haven.
The purpose of the documentary film festival in New Haven is to build a sense of community among documentary filmmakers from the greater New Haven area.
In 2014, the four filmmakers each showed one of their recently completed documentaries.
Three of the documentaries shown by the four filmmakers had just played at the Big Sky Documentary Film Festival.
Thomas Gordon was a Scottish writer.
Thomas Gordon was a Commonwealthman.
Thomas Gordon lived from approximately 1691 to 1750.
Thomas Gordon published 'The Independent Whig' along with John Trenchard.
'The Independent Whig' was a weekly periodical.
From 1720 to 1723, John Trenchard and Thomas Gordon wrote a series of 144 essays entitled 'Cato's Letters'.
'Cato's Letters' condemned corruption and lack of morality within the British political system.
'Cato's Letters' warned against tyranny.
The essays were published as 'Essays on Liberty, Civil and Religious'.
The essays were first published in the 'London Journal'.
The essays were then published in the 'British Journal'.
The essays became a cornerstone of the Commonwealth man tradition.
The essays were influential in shaping the ideas of the Country Party.
Thomas Gordon's ideas played an important role in shaping republicanism in Britain.
Thomas Gordon's ideas played an important role in shaping republicanism in the American colonies leading up to the American Revolution.
Zuckert argues that the writers who put together the new synthesis of new republicanism were John Trenchard and Thomas Gordon.
John Trenchard and Thomas Gordon wrote as 'Cato' in the early eighteenth century.
The International Documentary Film Festival Docville is an annual documentary film festival.
The International Documentary Film Festival Docville is set in Leuven.
Leuven is a city in Belgium.
Chagrin Documentary Film Festival is an annual documentary film festival.
Chagrin Documentary Film Festival is based in Chagrin Falls, Ohio.
Chagrin Documentary Film Festival debuted in 2010.
93 films were shown in venues throughout the village during the debut year of Chagrin Documentary Film Festival.
The attendance for Chagrin Documentary Film Festival in 2010 was 1,800.
By the 2015 festival, the attendance for Chagrin Documentary Film Festival had grown to almost 7,000.
The number of films shown at the 2015 festival shrank to less than 70.
The London International Documentary Festival is an annual documentary film festival.
The London International Documentary Festival is also known as LIDF.
The London International Documentary Festival takes place in the months of March and April every year.
The event is presented in association with the London Review of Books.
Doc NYC is an annual documentary film festival in New York City.
Doc NYC is stylized as DOC NYC.
Thom Powers is a co-founder of Doc NYC.
Raphaela Neihausen is a co-founder of Doc NYC.
Doc NYC is the country's largest documentary film festival.
Doc NYC features over 300 films and events.
Doc NYC hosts 200 special guests.
Doc NYC takes place over eight days in November.
Doc NYC is held at the West Village's IFC Center.
Doc NYC is held at Chelsea's Cinépolis.
Doc NYC is held at SVA Theater.
FreedomFilmFest is also known as The KOMAS Freedom Film Festival (FFF).
FreedomFilmFest is the first annual documentary film festival in Malaysia.
FreedomFilmFest was established in 2003.
FreedomFilmFest adopts the themes encompassed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR).
FreedomFilmFest pioneers a documentary film competition method in Malaysia.
The documentary film competition method encourages first-time film makers to turn their winning proposals into films.
The London Review of Books is a British journal of literary essays.
The London Review of Books is published fortnightly.
The British Journal was an English newspaper.
The British Journal was published from 22 September 1722 until 13 January 1728.
The British Journal was published as the British Journal or The Censor from 20 January 1728 until 23 November 1730.
The British Journal was published as the British Journal or The Traveller from 30 November 1730 until 20 March 1731.
The British Journal of Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal.
The British Journal of Social Psychology is published by Wiley-Blackwell.
Wiley-Blackwell publishes the British Journal of Social Psychology on behalf of the British Psychological Society.
The British Journal of Social Psychology publishes original papers on subjects like social cognition.
The British Journal of Social Psychology publishes original papers on subjects like attitudes.
The British Journal of Social Psychology publishes original papers on subjects like group processes.
The British Journal of Social Psychology publishes original papers on subjects like social influence.
The British Journal of Social Psychology publishes original papers on subjects like intergroup relations.
The British Journal of Social Psychology publishes original papers on subjects like self and identity.
The British Journal of Social Psychology publishes original papers on subjects like nonverbal communication.
The British Journal of Social Psychology publishes original papers on social psychological aspects of affect and emotion.
The British Journal of Social Psychology publishes original papers on social psychological aspects of language and discourse.
The British Journal of Social Psychology was established in 1962.
The British Journal of Social Psychology was originally titled the 'British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology'.
The British Journal of Social Psychology obtained its current title in 1981.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the British Journal of Social Psychology has a 2010 impact factor of 2.056.
West McLean is an unincorporated community.
West McLean is located in Fairfax County.
Fairfax County is in Virginia, United States.
West McLean is located in the western part of the McLean census-designated place.
West McLean includes much of the Tysons Corner area.
West McLean has its own post office.
The post office in West McLean has ZIP code 22103.
ZIP code 22103 is used primarily for the PO Boxes at the post office in West McLean.
Other than the post office itself, West McLean uses ZIP code 22102.
Tysons Galleria is a three-level super-regional mall.
Tysons Galleria is owned by General Growth Properties.
Tysons Galleria is located at 2001 International Drive, McLean, Virginia.
Tysons Galleria is located in Tysons Corner.
Tysons Galleria is the second-largest mall in McLean/Tysons Corner.
Tysons Galleria is one of the largest malls in the Washington metropolitan area.
Scott's Run Nature Preserve is a nature preserve.
Scott's Run Nature Preserve is located in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Scott's Run Nature Preserve is located in McLean.
Scott's Run Nature Preserve is bordered by Virginia State Route 193 to its south.
Scott's Run Nature Preserve is bordered by Interstate 495 to its east.
Scott's Run Nature Preserve is bordered by the Potomac River to its north.
Scott's Run Nature Preserve encompasses 336 acres of woodland.
Scott's Run flows through the west side of Scott's Run Nature Preserve.
Scott's Run originates in nearby Tysons Corner.
Scott's Run enters the Potomac River on the northwest side of Scott's Run Nature Preserve.
Scott's Run Nature Preserve is noted for including eastern hemlocks among its plant life.
Eastern hemlocks are rare for the area.
Scott's Run Nature Preserve is a popular destination for recreation and hiking.
Scott's Run Nature Preserve is operated by the Fairfax County Park Authority.
The Poughkeepsie Galleria is an upscale shopping center.
The Poughkeepsie Galleria is located on U.S. 9 in the Town of Poughkeepsie, New York.
The Poughkeepsie Galleria is located just north of Wappingers Falls.
The Poughkeepsie Galleria is the largest shopping center in Dutchess County.
The Galleria has an area of 1,100,000 square feet.
The Galleria has two floors.
The Galleria contains 140 shops.
The Galleria contains 14 restaurants.
The Galleria has a 16-screen, stadium-seating Regal Cinemas theater.
Tysons is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Tysons was formerly known as 'Tysons Corner'.
Tysons is an unincorporated community in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Tysons is located in Northern Virginia.
Tysons is situated between the community of McLean and the town of Vienna along the Capital Beltway (I-495).
Tysons lies within the Washington Metropolitan Area.
Tysons is home to two super-regional shopping malls.
The two super-regional shopping malls in Tysons are Tysons Corner Center and Tysons Galleria.
Tysons is the corporate headquarters of numerous companies.
The companies headquartered in Tysons include Intelsat, Gannett, Hilton Worldwide, Freddie Mac, Capital One, and Booz Allen Hamilton.
Tysons is Fairfax County's central business district.
Tysons is a regional commercial center.
Tysons has been characterized as a quintessential example of an edge city.
The population of Tysons was 19,627 as of the 2010 census.
McLean is a census-designated place in Fairfax County in Northern Virginia.
McLean is home to many diplomats.
McLean is home to many businessmen.
McLean is home to many members of Congress.
McLean is home to many high-ranking government officials.
The presence of diplomats, businessmen, members of Congress, and high-ranking government officials in McLean is partially due to its proximity to Washington, D.C.
The presence of diplomats, businessmen, members of Congress, and high-ranking government officials in McLean is partially due to its proximity to the Central Intelligence Agency.
Hickory Hill is located in McLean.
Hickory Hill was the former home of Ethel Kennedy.
Ethel Kennedy is the widow of Robert F. Kennedy.
Salona is located in McLean.
Salona was the former home of Light-Horse Harry Lee.
Light-Horse Harry Lee was a Revolutionary War hero.
The community of McLean had an estimated total population of 53,673 in 2015.
The estimates for the population of McLean in 2015 were prepared by the United States Census Bureau.
McLean is located between the Potomac River and the town of Vienna.
McLean is known for its luxury homes.
McLean is known for its high-end shopping destinations.
The Tysons Corner Center is a high-end shopping destination in McLean.
The Tysons Galleria is a high-end shopping destination in McLean.
The two McLean zip codes are 22101 and 22102.
The two McLean zip codes 22101 and 22102 are among the most expensive ZIP Codes in Virginia.
The two McLean zip codes 22101 and 22102 are among the most expensive ZIP Codes in the United States.
McLean is a Washington Metro station.
McLean has a preliminary name of Tysons East.
McLean has an alternative name of Tysons–McLean.
McLean is located in Fairfax County, Virginia.
McLean is on the Silver Line.
The station is located in Tysons Corner.
McLean has a postal address in McLean.
McLean began operation on July 26, 2014.
Tysons Corner Center is located in the Tysons Corner unincorporated area in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
The Tysons Corner unincorporated area is situated between McLean and Vienna, Virginia.
Tysons Corner Center opened to the public in 1968.
Tysons Corner Center became one of the first fully enclosed, climate-controlled shopping malls in the Washington metropolitan area.
The Cobb Galleria Centre is a meeting and convention center.
The Cobb Galleria Centre is a shopping center.
The Cobb Galleria Centre is located in the Cumberland/Galleria district of Cobb County.
The Cobb Galleria Centre is located northwest of Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States.
The Cobb Galleria Centre is located next to a cluster of mid-rise office buildings.
The Cobb Galleria Centre is located next to the Cumberland Mall.
The Cobb Galleria Centre is located next to the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre.
The Cobb Galleria Centre has hosted over 15,000 events.
The Cobb Galleria Centre has hosted millions of guests.
The Cobb Galleria Centre operates under the direction of the Cobb-Marietta Coliseum and Exhibit Hall Authority.
The Cobb Galleria Centre is located at the intersection of three major highways.
The three major highways are Interstate 75, Interstate 285, and Cobb Parkway (U.S. 41).
The Cobb Galleria Centre is located just northwest of the city.
The Galleria Specialty Mall is located downstairs in the Cobb Galleria Centre.
The Galleria Specialty Mall pre-dates the convention center.
The meeting halls are located upstairs in the Cobb Galleria Centre.
Spring Hill is a Washington Metro station.
Spring Hill is located in Fairfax County, Virginia.
Spring Hill is on the Silver Line.
Spring Hill is located in Tysons Corner.
Spring Hill began operation on July 26, 2014.
The station is located in the central median of Leesburg Pike.
Leesburg Pike is designated as SR 7.
Spring Hill is located just west of Spring Hill Road.
Owens & Minor is a Fortune 500 company.
Owens & Minor is based in Mechanicsville, Virginia.
Mechanicsville, Virginia is just outside of Richmond.
Owens & Minor, Inc. is a healthcare logistics company.
Owens & Minor specializes in contracting packages of healthcare products for hospitals.
Owens and Minor's tagline is 'Connecting the World of Medical Products to the Point of Care'.
Owens & Minor provides supply chain services to healthcare providers.
Owens & Minor provides supply chain services to manufacturers of healthcare products.
Owens & Minor provides disposable medical supplies.
Owens & Minor provides devices and implants.
Owens & Minor has logistics operations in the United States.
Owens & Minor has logistics operations in Europe.
Three quarters of global healthcare spending occurs in the United States and Europe.
Owens & Minor's customers span the healthcare market.
Owens & Minor's customers include independent hospitals.
Owens & Minor's customers include large integrated healthcare networks.
Owens & Minor's customers include group purchasing organizations.
Owens & Minor's customers include healthcare products manufacturers.
Owens & Minor's customers include the federal government.
Owens & Minor is headquartered in Mechanicsville, Virginia.
Owens & Minor has annualized revenues exceeding $9 billion.
Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company.
Compass Minerals International, Inc is a leading producer of minerals.
The minerals produced by Compass Minerals International, Inc include salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash, and other plant nutrition products.
Compass Minerals International, Inc is based in Kansas City.
Compass Minerals International, Inc provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America.
Compass Minerals International, Inc provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in the United Kingdom.
Compass Minerals International, Inc provides plant nutrition products to growers worldwide.
Compass Minerals International, Inc produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products.
Compass Minerals International, Inc produces consumer and commercial culinary salt.
Compass Minerals International, Inc produces other mineral-based products for consumer applications.
Compass Minerals International, Inc produces other mineral-based products for agricultural applications.
Compass Minerals International, Inc produces other mineral-based products for industrial applications.
Compass Minerals International, Inc provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.
Cardinal Health, Inc. is a Fortune 500 health care services company.
Cardinal Health, Inc. is based in Dublin, Ohio.
Cardinal Health, Inc. specializes in the distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical products.
Cardinal Health, Inc. serves more than 100,000 locations.
Cardinal Health, Inc. manufactures medical and surgical products.
Cardinal Health, Inc. manufactures gloves.
Cardinal Health, Inc. manufactures surgical apparel.
Cardinal Health, Inc. manufactures fluid management products.
Cardinal Health, Inc. operates the nation’s largest network of radiopharmacies.
Cardinal Health, Inc. provides medical products to over 75 percent of hospitals in the United States.
In December 2013, it was announced that Cardinal Health, Inc. would team up with CVS Caremark.
The partnership between Cardinal Health, Inc. and CVS Caremark would form the largest generic drug sourcing operation in the United States.
The venture formed by Cardinal Health, Inc. and CVS Caremark was named Red Oak Sourcing.
Red Oak Sourcing began operations in July 2014.
Kingstone Companies, Inc. has its headquarters in Kingston, New York.
Kingstone Companies, Inc. provides property and casualty insurance products.
Kingstone Companies, Inc. provides property and casualty insurance products through its subsidiary, Kingstone Insurance Company.
Kingstone Companies, Inc. places contracts with a third-party licensed premium finance company.
Kingstone Companies, Inc. places contracts through its subsidiary Payments, Inc.
Payments, Inc. is a NYS licensed Insurance Premium Finance Company.
Kingstone Insurance Company was ranked #1 of the 81 insurers rated by the Professional Insurance Agents Association in its 2010 Company Performance Survey.
Kingstone Companies, Inc. sells insurance products.
The insurance products sold by Kingstone Companies, Inc. include personal lines of insurance products.
The insurance products sold by Kingstone Companies, Inc. include general liability policies.
The insurance products sold by Kingstone Companies, Inc. include commercial automobile policies.
Kingstone Companies, Inc. sells insurance products through independent retail and wholesale agents and brokers.
Jonathan M. Ansell was born on August 13, 1950 in Binghamton, New York.
Jonathan M. Ansell is an American entrepreneur.
Jonathan M. Ansell is a CEO in the insurance and insurtech industry.
Jonathan M. Ansell is the founder and CEO of Merlinio Technologies.
Merlinio Technologies is an insurtech company.
Jonathan M. Ansell is the CEO of Merlinio Insurance Services.
Merlinio Insurance Services is an online digital insurance agency and technology platform.
Merlinio Insurance Services serves the millennial market.
Before Merlinio, Jonathan M. Ansell was a co-founder and CEO of Fusion Company.
Fusion Company is a global digital merchandising provider.
Fusion Company specializes in ancillary products.
Fusion Company was created in 2012.
Fusion Company was spun-out of a large international insurance company.
Previously, Jonathan M. Ansell was the President of Allianz Global Assistance USA.
Jonathan M. Ansell was the CEO of Allianz Global Assistance USA.
Jonathan M. Ansell was one of the co-founders of Allianz Global Assistance USA.
Allianz Global Assistance USA is one of the largest travel insurance companies in the US.
Jonathan M. Ansell was also a co-founder of Jefferson Insurance Company.
Jefferson Insurance Company is an American specialty insurer.
Jonathan M. Ansell was a member of the management board of Allianz Global Assistance.
Allianz Global Assistance was formerly known as Mondial Assistance.
Allianz Global Assistance is an international travel insurance and assistance company.
Allianz Global Assistance is based in Paris, France.
Terren Scott Peizer is dubbed the 'Zelig of Wall Street'.
Terren Scott Peizer is currently the Chairman of Acuitas Group Holdings.
Acuitas Group Holdings is a personal investment company based in Los Angeles.
Acuitas Group Holdings owns 100% of Crede Capital Group.
Crede Capital Group invests in public companies.
Crede Capital Group provides growth capital to small and medium-sized enterprises.
Since its inception in June 2009, Crede Capital Group has provided companies with capital commitments and funding in excess of $1.2 Billion.
Acuitas Group Holdings owns 72% of Catasys, Inc.
Catasys, Inc. is a provider of proprietary big data based analytics and predictive modeling driven behavioral health management services for health plans.
Acuitas Group Holdings owns 100% of NeurMedix, Inc.
NeurMedix, Inc. is a biotech company that develops and commercializes disease modifying small molecules to treat neuro-degenerative diseases.
NeurMedix, Inc. treats diseases such as Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, Migraine disease, Huntington’s disease, ALS, MS, Epilepsy, Traumatic Brain Injury, and Retina disease.
Terren Scott Peizer is the Founder and Chairman of the three Acuitas companies.
Terren Scott Peizer is the CEO of Catasys, Inc.
Terren Scott Peizer is the CEO of Crede Capital Group.
Terren Scott Peizer has developed a bioscience and healthcare expertise.
Crede Capital Group became the largest shareholder in 22nd Century Group, Inc.
22nd Century Group, Inc. is a public company that is commercializing bio-plant technology to harm-reduce tobacco.
22nd Century Group, Inc. creates very low nicotine and very low tar tobacco products.
The very low nicotine and very low tar tobacco products affect levels of addiction and cancer causing carcinogens.
On October 1, 2015, the New England Journal of Medicine published a landmark study on the company’s very low nicotine spectrum cigarettes.
In October 2014, Terren Scott Peizer and 22nd Century Group formed a joint venture to commercialize the company’s products in China.
China National Tobacco Company is the largest tobacco company in the world.
China National Tobacco Company is the largest monopoly in China.
China represents over 50% of the worldwide tobacco market.
BankUnited, Inc. had total consolidated assets of $27.9 billion at December 31, 2016.
BankUnited, Inc. is a bank holding company.
BankUnited, Inc. has one wholly owned subsidiary, BankUnited.
BankUnited, Inc. and BankUnited are collectively referred to as the Company.
BankUnited is a national banking association.
BankUnited is headquartered in Miami Lakes, Florida.
BankUnited provides a full range of banking services to individual customers.
BankUnited provides a full range of banking services to corporate customers.
BankUnited operates 94 banking centers located in 15 Florida counties.
BankUnited operates 6 banking centers in the New York metropolitan area.
BankUnited provides certain commercial lending products on a national platform.
BankUnited provides certain deposit products on a national platform.
The Company endeavors to provide personalized customer service.
The Company has experienced lending teams.
The Company has relationship banking teams.
The Company offers a full range of traditional banking products to commercial customers.
The Company offers a full range of traditional banking products to retail customers.
Schrödinger, LLC is an American software company.
Schrödinger, LLC develops chemical simulation software.
The chemical simulation software developed by Schrödinger, LLC is for use in pharmaceutical research.
The chemical simulation software developed by Schrödinger, LLC is for use in biotechnology research.
The chemical simulation software developed by Schrödinger, LLC is for use in materials science research.
Schrödinger, LLC provides products ranging from general molecular modeling programs to a full suite of chemical simulation and drug design software.
The full suite of chemical simulation and drug design software includes ligand-based methods.
The full suite of chemical simulation and drug design software includes structure-based methods.
Schrödinger, LLC provides products in various research areas.
The research areas include small molecule modeling and simulations.
The research areas include macromolecular modeling and simulations.
The research areas include lead discovery.
The research areas include lead optimization.
The research areas include visualization and automation.
The software developed by Schrödinger, LLC helps scientists to accelerate their research and development activities.
The software developed by Schrödinger, LLC helps scientists to make novel discoveries.
Schrödinger, LLC was founded in 1990.
Schrödinger, LLC is headquartered in New York City.
Schrödinger, LLC has operations in Oregon.
Schrödinger, LLC has operations in California.
Schrödinger, LLC has operations in Massachusetts.
Schrödinger, LLC has operations in Germany.
Schrödinger, LLC has operations in France.
Schrödinger, LLC has operations in India.
Schrödinger, LLC has operations in the United Kingdom.
Schrödinger, LLC has operations in Japan.
Clean Power Finance is a financial services and software company.
Clean Power Finance is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
Clean Power Finance serves the residential solar industry.
Clean Power Finance operates the CPF Market.
The CPF Market is an online business-to-business platform.
The CPF Market connects institutional investors and lenders with residential solar professionals.
Residential solar professionals need solar finance products to grow their businesses.
Clean Power Finance provides the solar industry with CPF Tools.
CPF Tools is a solar sales, quoting and design software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solution.
Qualified residential solar channel partners access finance products through CPF Tools.
Third-party investors create solar project finance funds.
Clean Power Finance provides origination services to fund investors.
Clean Power Finance provides underwriting services to fund investors.
Clean Power Finance provides asset management services to fund investors.
Clean Power Finance markets investor capital to solar professionals.
Investor capital is marketed as residential finance products.
Residential finance products include solar leases and power purchase agreements (PPAs).
Bordan Tkachuk is a British business executive.
Bordan Tkachuk was the former CEO of Viglen.
Bordan Tkachuk is known from his appearances on the BBC-produced British version of 'The Apprentice.'
Bordan Tkachuk interviewed for his boss Lord Sugar.
Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov was a Russian filmmaker.
Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov was a Soviet filmmaker.
Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov was a film theorist.
Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov was one of the founders of the world's first film school.
The world's first film school is the Moscow Film School.
Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov was given the title People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1969.
Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov was intimately involved in the development of the style of filmmaking known as Soviet montage.
Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov was especially involved in the psychological underpinning of Soviet montage.
Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov used editing to emotionally influence the audience.
The principle of using editing to emotionally influence the audience is known as the Kuleshov effect.
Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov developed the theory of creative geography.
Creative geography is the use of the action around a cut to connect otherwise disparate settings into a cohesive narrative.
Anani ben Sason was also called 'Anani, 'Inani, and 'Inyani.
Anani ben Sason was a Jewish Talmudist.
Anani ben Sason lived in the Land of Israel.
Anani ben Sason was known as an amora of the third century.
Anani ben Sason was a contemporary of R. Ammi.
Anani ben Sason rarely discussed Halakot.
Anani ben Sason's discussions of Halakot were not original.
Anani ben Sason once recited a Halakah in the patriarch's mansion.
Anani ben Sason did not name the author of the Halakah he recited.
R. Ammi asked if the Halakah was Anani ben Sason's own.
R. Ammi stated that the Halakah was what R. Eleazar had reported in the name of R. Oshaiah.
In the Haggadah, Anani ben Sason sometimes reported the sayings of others.
In the Haggadah, Anani ben Sason was more often original.
Anani ben Sason pointed out that the priestly vestments were to have atoning effects as well as the sacrifices.
Anani ben Sason represented the miter as atoning for haughtiness.
R. Chanina said that which rests highest on the priest atones for one's considering himself high.
Anani ben Sason cited R. Chanina's statement regarding the atoning effects of the priestly garments.
Anani ben Sason referred to God's appearance in the thorn-bush.
Anani ben Sason remarked that the Holy One—blessed be He! —said to Moses that when He wills, one of His angels stretches forth his hand from heaven and reaches to the ground.
Anani ben Sason referenced the Scripture that states 'He put forth the form of a hand, and took me by a lock of mine head.'
Anani ben Sason stated that when it pleases God, He makes three angels sit under one tree.
Anani ben Sason noted that when God chooses, His glory fills the universe.
Anani ben Sason quoted the Scripture that states 'Do I not fill heaven and earth? saith the Lord.'
Anani ben Sason mentioned that when God willed, He spoke to Job in a whirlwind.
Anani ben Sason cited the Scripture that states 'The Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind.'
Aryanto Yuniawan was born on June 18, 1977 in Magelang.
Aryanto Yuniawan is 40 years old.
Aryanto Yuniawan is the Chief Executive Officer of PT Mataram Surya Visi Sinema.
PT Mataram Surya Visi Sinema is a multimedia and animation movie company.
PT Mataram Surya Visi Sinema is located in Jogja, Indonesia.
Aryanto Yuniawan is best known as a director of Battle of Surabaya.
Battle of Surabaya is the first 2D animation movie in Indonesia.
Battle of Surabaya received several awards.
Battle of Surabaya won the Gold Remi Award in the USA in 2016.
Battle of Surabaya was the GrandPrize Winner of SICAF in 2016 in South Korea.
Battle of Surabaya was the Winner of Nice International Filmmaker Festival in 2017 in France.
Battle of Surabaya was the Winner of Noida International Film Festival in India.
Aryanto Yuniawan is also acclaimed as a writer.
Aryanto Yuniawan is also acclaimed as a producer.
Aryanto Yuniawan is currently working on several articles and books related to his job and hobby.
Aryanto Yuniawan started his career by directing and producing independent animation films.
Aryanto Yuniawan directed and produced music videos.
Aryanto Yuniawan was trusted to be one of the juries of several film festivals.
Aryanto Yuniawan was a jury at Festival Film Indonesia in 2016.
Aryanto Yuniawan was a jury at Noida International Film Festival in 2016.
Aryanto Yuniawan was a jury at Seoul International Cartoon and Animation Festival in 2017.
Pamela B. Green is an American film producer.
Pamela B. Green is an American director.
Pamela B. Green is known for her work in feature film titles.
Pamela B. Green is known for her work in motion graphics.
Pamela B. Green is the director of the documentary 'Be Natural: The Untold Story of Alice Guy-Blache'.
Pamela B. Green is the producer of the documentary 'Be Natural: The Untold Story of Alice Guy-Blache'.
Pamela B. Davis is a medical doctor.
Pamela B. Davis holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
Pamela B. Davis is a pediatric pulmonologist.
Pamela B. Davis specializes in cystic fibrosis research.
Pamela B. Davis has been Dean of the School of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University since 2007.
Pamela B. Davis was elected to the Institute of Medicine in 2014.
Pamela B. Gilbert was born on October 3, 1958.
Pamela B. Gilbert is an American lawyer.
Pamela B. Gilbert has been a partner of the law firm Cuneo Gilbert & LaDuca, LLP since 2003.
Pamela B. Gilbert heads the lobbying practice of the law firm Cuneo Gilbert & LaDuca, LLP.
Pamela B. Gilbert is a noted consumer rights advocate.
Pamela B. Gilbert has testified before Congress over fifty times.
Pamela B. Gilbert has made dozens of appearances in the national print media.
Pamela B. Gilbert has made dozens of appearances in the national electronic media.
Seasoned Veteran is the third studio album by Richie Rich.
Richie Rich is an American rapper.
Seasoned Veteran was released on November 5, 1996.
Seasoned Veteran was released on Def Jam Recordings.
Seasoned Veteran is the only major label release for Richie Rich to date.
The album Seasoned Veteran was produced by Ali Malik.
The album Seasoned Veteran was produced by DJ Daryl.
The album Seasoned Veteran was produced by Doug Rasheed.
The album Seasoned Veteran was produced by Jermaine Dupri.
The album Seasoned Veteran was produced by Lev Berlak.
The album Seasoned Veteran was produced by Mike Mosley.
The album Seasoned Veteran was produced by Richie Rich.
The album Seasoned Veteran was produced by Rick Rock.
Seasoned Veteran peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
Seasoned Veteran peaked at number 35 on the Billboard 200.
Two of the singles released from Seasoned Veteran are 'Let's Ride' and 'Do G's Get To Go To Heaven?'.
Let's Ride appeared on multiple Billboard singles charts.
Do G's Get To Go To Heaven? appeared on multiple Billboard singles charts.
The album Seasoned Veteran features guest performances by 2Pac.
The album Seasoned Veteran features guest performances by E-40.
The album Seasoned Veteran features guest performances by Luniz.
The album Seasoned Veteran features guest performances by D'wayne Wiggins.
The album Seasoned Veteran features guest performances by T-Boz.
The album Seasoned Veteran features guest performances by Rame Royal of Rhythm & Green.
Total is an American contemporary R&B girl group.
Total is one of the signature acts of Sean Combs' Bad Boy Records imprint during the 1990s.
The group consisted of members Kima Raynor, Keisha Spivey, and Pamela Long.
Total is best known for their hit 'What You Want' featuring Mase.
Total is best known for their hit 'Kissing You'.
Total is best known for their hit 'Can't You See' featuring The Notorious B.I.G.
Total is best known for their hit 'What About Us?'
Total is best known for their hit 'Trippin'' featuring Missy Elliott.
Pamela Long was featured on The Notorious B.I.G.'s hit song 'Hypnotize'.
Pamela Long sang the chorus on The Notorious B.I.G.'s hit song 'Hypnotize'.
Eliezer ben Jacob I was a Tanna of the 1st century.
Eliezer ben Jacob I was a contemporary of Eleazar b. Ḥisma.
Eliezer ben Jacob I was a contemporary of Eliezer b. Hyrcanus.
Eliezer ben Jacob I was a senior of Judah ben Ilai.
Of Eliezer ben Jacob I's personal history, nothing is known.
Eliezer ben Jacob I had seen the Temple at Jerusalem.
Eliezer ben Jacob I was familiar with the specific purposes of the many apartments of the Temple.
Eliezer ben Jacob I was considered an authority on the specific purposes of the Temple's many apartments.
Some details about the Temple, however, Eliezer ben Jacob I eventually forgot.
Abba Saul b. Baṭnit reminded Eliezer ben Jacob I of the details he had forgotten.
Simon b. 'Azzai was a contemporary of R. Akiva.
Simon b. 'Azzai relates that he discovered a genealogical roll.
The genealogical roll stated that 'The Mishnah of R. Eliezer b. Jacob is only a 'ḳab' [small in proportion], but clear.'
Subsequent generations generally adopted Eliezer ben Jacob I's views as law.
AES+F is an artist collective of four Russian artists.
Tatiana Arzamasova was born in 1955.
Lev Evzovich was born in 1958.
Evgeny Svyatsky was born in 1957.
Vladimir Fridkes was born in 1956.
AES+F was first formed as AES Group in 1987.
AES Group was formed by Tatiana Arzamasova, Lev Evzovich, and Evgeny Svyatsky.
AES+F became AES+F when Vladimir Fridkes joined in 1995.
The collective works in photography.
The collective works in video.
The collective works in installation.
The collective works in animation.
The collective works in more traditional media, such as painting.
The collective works in more traditional media, such as drawing.
The collective works in more traditional media, such as sculpture.
AES+F's early work included performance.
AES+F's early work included installation.
AES+F's early work included painting.
AES+F's early work included illustration.
AES+F is well known for their monumental video-art installations.
Gareth Harris describes AES+F's monumental video-art installations as 'monumental painting set in motion'.
AES+F creates grand visual narratives.
AES+F's grand visual narratives explore contemporary global values.
AES+F's grand visual narratives explore contemporary global vices.
AES+F's grand visual narratives explore contemporary global conflicts.
The Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region is an organ of the Central People's Government of the People's Republic of China.
The Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region is abbreviated as LOCPG.
The Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region is also known as 中聯辦.
The Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region operates in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
The Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region replaced the New China News Agency as the representative of the PRC government in Hong Kong in 2000.
The New China News Agency is abbreviated as NCNA.
Rabat is the capital city of Morocco.
Rabat is the second largest city in Morocco.
Rabat has an urban population of approximately 580,000 as of 2014.
Rabat has a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million.
Rabat is the capital city of the Rabat-Salé-Kénitra administrative region.
Caraga is officially known as the Caraga Administrative Region.
Caraga is also simply known as Caraga Region.
Caraga is designated as Region XIII.
Caraga is an administrative region in the Philippines.
Caraga occupies the northeastern section of the island of Mindanao.
The Caraga Region was created through Republic Act No. 7901.
Republic Act No. 7901 was enacted on February 23, 1995.
The Caraga Region comprises five provinces.
The five provinces of the Caraga Region are Agusan del Norte, Agusan del Sur, Surigao del Norte, Surigao del Sur, and Dinagat Islands.
The Caraga Region comprises six cities.
The six cities of the Caraga Region are Bayugan, Bislig, Butuan, Cabadbaran, Surigao, and Tandag.
The Caraga Region comprises 67 municipalities.
The Caraga Region comprises 1,311 barangays.
Butuan is the regional administrative center of the Caraga Region.
The visa policy of Hong Kong deals with the requirements for foreign nationals wishing to enter the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
Foreign nationals must meet certain requirements to obtain an entry permit or visa to enter the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
The requirement for an entry permit or visa may depend on the traveller's nationality.
An entry permit or visa may be required for foreign nationals to travel to, enter, and remain in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
Visitors from over 145 countries are permitted visa-free entry to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
The visa-free entry for visitors from over 145 countries is for periods ranging from 7 to 180 days.
The visa-free entry is allowed for tourism or certain business-related activities in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
All visitors must hold a passport that is valid for more than 1 month.
Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region is a special administrative region of North Korea.
Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region was proclaimed in 2002.
Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region has not been put into 'de facto' operation as of 2014.
Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region is located on the border with China.
Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region was established in September 2002.
Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region includes parts of Sinŭiju and the surrounding area.
The establishment of Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region was an attempt to introduce market economics.
Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region is directly governed as in the case of 'Directly Governed Cities'.
Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region was modelled after China's Special Administrative Regions.
China's Special Administrative Regions include Hong Kong and Macau.
Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region has a 'Basic Law'.
'Basic Law' is referred to as 기본법 (Kibonpŏp) in Korean.
The Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China is the constitutional document of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
The Basic Law is a national law of the People's Republic of China.
The Basic Law was adopted on 4 April 1990 by the Seventh National People's Congress.
Yang Shangkun was the President who signed the Basic Law.
The Wolong Special Administrative Region is an area in Sichuan, China.
The Wolong Special Administrative Region is located in the southwest of Wenchuan County.
Wenchuan County is part of the Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture of Sichuan.
The Wolong Special Administrative Region was formerly known as Wolong Special Administrative Region of Wenchuan County, Sichuan Province.
The Wolong Special Administrative Region was founded in March 1983 with the approval of the State Council.
The Wolong Special Administrative Region was given its current name.
The Wolong Special Administrative Region is placed under the Sichuan provincial government.
The Wolong Special Administrative Region has administrative supervision by the provincial department of forestry.
The area of the Wolong Special Administrative Region supersedes Sichuan Wolong National Nature Reserve.
The administrative office of the Wolong Special Administrative Region is the same as the Administrative Bureau of the State Forestry Administration for the reserve.
The Wolong Special Administrative Region currently has a population of 5343.
The Ilocos Region is an administrative region of the Philippines.
The Ilocos Region is designated as Region I.
The Ilocos Region occupies the northwestern section of Luzon.
The Ilocos Region is bordered by the Cordillera Administrative Region to the east.
The Ilocos Region is bordered by the Cagayan Valley to the northeast.
The Ilocos Region is bordered by the Cagayan Valley to the southeast.
The Ilocos Region is bordered by Central Luzon to the south.
The South China Sea lies to the west of the Ilocos Region.
The Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Issues Relating to the Selection of the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region by Universal Suffrage and on the Method for Forming the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in the Year 2016 is commonly known as the 31 August Decision.
The 31 August Decision is a decision made by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress is the national legislative body of the People's Republic of China.
The 31 August Decision was made on 31 August 2014.
The 31 August Decision set limits for the 2017 Chief Executive election in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
The 31 August Decision set limits for the 2016 Legislative Council election in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
Rocket of China is a Chinese historical comedy.
Rocket of China is set in nineteenth century China.
Rocket of China is based on the true story of the history of the construction of the first steam locomotive made in China.
The first steam locomotive made in China was constructed with the help of an English engineer named Claude W. Kinder.
Claude W. Kinder is also known as Jin Da.
Claude W. Kinder travelled to Qing Dynasty China in 1878.
Claude W. Kinder travelled to Qing Dynasty China in the hope of building the first railway through China.
The comedy consists of 30 episodes.
The comedy was directed by Man Yu.
The comedy was written by Man Yu.
The comedy features Liu Jin Shan.
The comedy features Ma Ling.
The comedy features Yu Hui Zi.
The comedy features Li Jian Hua.
The comedy features Li Qi.
The comedy features Na Wei.
The comedy features Yan Guan.
The comedy features Qi Xiao Fei.
The comedy features Isabella Charlton, who is also known as Zhou Xiaolin.
The comedy features Karl Robert Eislen.
The comedy features Jonathan Kos-Read.
The comedy was produced by Xui Ji Wei.
The comedy was produced by the Production Company of Long Teng Yi Du (Beijing) Film Investment Co., Ltd.
The comedy was first aired on Public Channel on 1 February 2016.
Bayuquan Railway Station is a railway station of the Harbin–Dalian section of the Beijing–Harbin High-Speed Railway.
Bayuquan Railway Station has the IATA code JYQ.
Bayuquan Railway Station is located in Bayuquan.
Bayuquan is in the Yingkou prefecture level city.
Yingkou is in the Liaoning province of China.
Shengjing Bank is a commercial bank.
Shengjing Bank has its headquarters in Shenyang, Liaoning Province, China.
Shengjing Bank was established in 1996.
Shengjing Bank was originally named Shenyang City Commercial Bank.
Shengjing Bank opened in Shenyang City only.
Shengjing Bank changed its name to Shengjing Bank in 2007.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Beijing.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Tianjin.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Dalian.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Yingkou.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Huludao.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Shanghai.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Anshan.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Changchun.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Benxi.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Panjin.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Chaoyang.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Fushun.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Jinzhou.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Fuxin.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Dandong.
Shengjing Bank has opened a branch in Liaoyang.
Xiapu is a county in the municipal region of Ningde.
Ningde is located in Fujian, People's Republic of China.
Xiapu is located along a stretch of East China Sea coast.
Xiapu has many harbours and islands.
Xiapu is bordered by Fuding City to the north.
Xiapu is bordered by Zherong County to the north.
Xiapu is bordered by Fu'an City to the west.
Xiapu is bordered by Ningde's urban area to the west.
Xiapu is bordered by Luoyuan County to the south.
Luoyuan County is located in Fuzhou City.
Wafangdian is a city in Liaoning province, China.
Wafangdian was formerly known as Fuxian or Fu County.
Wafangdian is one of the two northern county-level cities under the administration of Dalian.
The other northern county-level city under the administration of Dalian is Zhuanghe.
Wafangdian is located in the south of Liaoning province, China.
Wafangdian is famous for its ball bearing industry.
Wafangdian Bearing Factory is the largest bearing manufacturer in Asia.
Wafangdian Bearing Factory was initially built by the Japanese during World War II.
The area of Wafangdian is 3576.40 km².
The permanent population of Wafangdian as of 2010 is 942,197.
The registered population of Wafangdian with hukou permits is 1,024,876.
Wafangdian borders the prefecture-level city of Yingkou to the northeast.
Fuding Railway Station is a railway station.
Fuding Railway Station is located in Fuding City.
Fuding City is in Ningde.
Ningde is in Fujian Province.
Fujian Province is in China.
Fuding Railway Station is on the Wenzhou-Fuzhou Railway.
The Wenzhou-Fuzhou Railway is operated by the Nanchang Railway Bureau.
The Nanchang Railway Bureau is part of the China Railway Corporation.
Yingkou East Railway Station is a railway station of the Beijing–Harbin High-Speed Railway.
Yingkou East Railway Station is part of both the Panjin–Yingkou and Harbin–Dalian sub-sections.
Yingkou East Railway Station is located in Dashiqiao.
Dashiqiao is in the Yingkou prefecture level city.
Yingkou is in the Liaoning province of China.
Yingkou Lanqi Airport is an airport serving the city of Yingkou.
Yingkou is located in Liaoning province of Northeast China.
Yingkou Lanqi Airport is located in Lanqi Village.
Lanqi Village is in Xishi District of Yingkou.
Yingkou Lanqi Airport is about 17 km from the city center by road.
Yingkou Lanqi Airport opened on 3 February 2016.
The inaugural China Eastern Airlines flight landed at Yingkou Lanqi Airport from Shanghai Pudong International Airport.
The total investment for the Yingkou Lanqi Airport project was estimated at CNY 8.94 billion.
Mount Taimu Railway Station is a railway station.
Mount Taimu Railway Station is located in Fuding City.
Fuding City is in Ningde.
Ningde is in Fujian Province.
Fujian Province is in China.
Mount Taimu Railway Station is on the Wenzhou-Fuzhou Railway.
The Wenzhou-Fuzhou Railway is operated by the Nanchang Railway Bureau.
The Nanchang Railway Bureau is part of the China Railway Corporation.
Tongcheng is a subdistrict.
Tongcheng is located in the city of Fuding.
Fuding is a city in Fujian.
Fujian is a province in the People's Republic of China.
The People's Republic of China is a country.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yingkou/Yingkow is a diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yingkou/Yingkow is located in the city of Yingkou.
The city of Yingkou is in the Ecclesiastical province of Shenyang.
Shenyang is located in China.
The Latin name for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Yingkou/Yingkow is 'Imcheuven(sis)'.
