Education that works.
The document is an employee manual.
The document is a manual version control log.
The log contains version control numbers, descriptions, dates of effectivity, and remarks.
The 2015 version of the document is titled 'Staff Manual'.
The control number for the 2015 version is ADM-HR-D-M-001(02).
The description for the 2015 version includes the renaming of the document from 'Staff Manual' to 'Employee Manual'.
The description for the 2015 version includes the revision of the major contents to align with the 2019 Faculty Manual.
The description for the 2015 version includes the revision of annexed HR Forms.
The date of effectivity for the 2015 version is 1 December 2019.
The 2015 version was prepared by Solutions Foundry, Inc.
The control number for the updated version is OPR-HRD-D-M-001.
The description for the updated version includes revisions due to the updating of current practices and changes made during and after the COVID-19 pandemic.
The description for the updated version includes the revision of the Organizational Structure in reference to the new Institutional Table of Organization effective 2nd Term AY 2023-2024.
The description for the updated version includes the revision of the Annexes which form part of the HR Forms (SPES for Faculty and ASP) and the overview of the divisions of National University.
The date of effectivity for the updated version is 1 August 2023.
The document is titled 'MANUAL APPROVAL CONTROL LOG'.
Nikka E. Celeste prepared the document.
Nikka E. Celeste is a Senior Supervisor in Talent Development.
Aimee Jane T. Martinez reviewed the document.
Aimee Jane T. Martinez is an Assistant Vice President in Human Resource.
The document was prepared on 5 March 2024.
The document was reviewed on 5 March 2024.
Johanna G. Minglana endorsed the document.
Johanna G. Minglana is a Senior Director in the Quality Management Office.
Renato Carlos H. Ermita, Jr., PhD approved the document.
Renato Carlos H. Ermita, Jr., PhD is the President and CEO.
The document was endorsed on 15 April 2024.
The document was approved on 21 May 2024.
The Quality Management Office received the original hard copy and electronic copy.
The Office of the President received copy 1, which is an electronic copy.
The Human Resource Office received copy 2, which is a hard copy and electronic copy.
All Campuses received copy 3, which is an electronic copy.
The TABLE OF CONTENTS is located on page 5.
The FOREWORD is located on page 10.
The PRIVACY STATEMENT is located on page 11.
CHAPTER 1 is titled THE NATIONAL UNIVERSITY and is located on page 13.
SECTION 1 of CHAPTER 1 is titled BRIEF HISTORY and is located on page 13.
SECTION 2 of CHAPTER 1 is titled NATIONAL UNIVERSITY VISION, MISSION, DYNAMIC FILIPINISM AND GOALS and is located on page 15.
SECTION 3 of CHAPTER 1 is titled CORE VALUES and is located on page 17.
SECTION 4 of CHAPTER 1 is titled QUALITY POLICY and is located on page 17.
SECTION 5 of CHAPTER 1 is titled SCHOOL LOGO, COLORS, AND MOTTO and is located on page 18.
SECTION 6 of CHAPTER 1 is titled NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HYMN and is located on page 18.
SECTION 7 of CHAPTER 1 is titled PROGRAM THRUST and is located on page 19.
CHAPTER 2 is titled NATIONAL UNIVERSITY GOVERNANCE and is located on page 20.
SECTION 1 of CHAPTER 2 is titled CORPORATE GOVERNANCE and is located on page 20.
SECTION 2 of CHAPTER 2 is titled ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE and is located on page 20.
SECTION 3 of CHAPTER 2 is titled GOVERNING BODY AND AUTHORITY and is located on page 21.
CHAPTER 3 is titled EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES and is located on page 26.
SECTION 1 of CHAPTER 3 is titled MANPOWER POLICY STATEMENT and is located on page 26.
SECTION 2 of CHAPTER 3 is titled EMPLOYMENT TYPES AND CLASSIFICATION and is located on page 26.
SECTION 3 of CHAPTER 3 is titled RECRUITMENT AND SELECTION PROCESS and is located on page 34.
SECTION 4 of CHAPTER 3 is titled HIRING AND ONBOARDING PROCESS and is located on page 36.
SECTION 5 of CHAPTER 3 is titled APPOINTMENT AND CONTRACT and is located on page 38.
SECTION 6 of CHAPTER 3 is titled PERSONNEL FILE and is located on page 39.
SECTION 7 of CHAPTER 3 is titled EMPLOYMENT STATUS CHANGE and is located on page 40.
SECTION 8 of CHAPTER 3 is titled EMPLOYEE MOVEMENT, TRANSFER AND PROMOTION and is located on page 43.
SECTION 9 of CHAPTER 3 is titled FACULTY RANK AND PROMOTION and is located on page 44.
SECTION 10 of CHAPTER 3 is titled JOB SECURITY and is located on page 45.
SECTION 11 of CHAPTER 3 is titled SERVICE RECOGNITION and is located on page 46.
SECTION 12 of CHAPTER 3 is titled CERTIFICATE OF EMPLOYMENT and is located on page 46.
Chapter 4 is titled 'Work Regulations'.
Chapter 4 includes the following sections: Policy Statement, Work Schedule, Recording Hours Worked, Official Business, Attendance and Reporting for Work, Tardiness and Undertime, Overtime, Rest Days and Holidays, Suspension of Work, Official Travel Policy and Guidelines.
Section 1 of Chapter 4 is titled 'Policy Statement'.
Section 2 of Chapter 4 is titled 'Work Schedule'.
Section 3 of Chapter 4 is titled 'Recording Hours Worked'.
Section 4 of Chapter 4 is titled 'Official Business'.
Section 5 of Chapter 4 is titled 'Attendance and Reporting for Work'.
Section 6 of Chapter 4 is titled 'Tardiness and Undertime'.
Section 7 of Chapter 4 is titled 'Overtime'.
Section 8 of Chapter 4 is titled 'Rest Days and Holidays'.
Section 9 of Chapter 4 is titled 'Suspension of Work'.
Section 10 of Chapter 4 is titled 'Official Travel Policy and Guidelines'.
Chapter 5 is titled 'Wage and Salary Administration'.
Chapter 5 includes the following sections: Policy Statement, Frequency, Cut-off Period and Pay Dates, Payroll Requirements, Withholding Tax on Earnings, Social Security, PhilHealth, Pag-IBIG Fund Contributions, Other Payroll Deductions, Pay Structure, Pay Computation, Manner of Salary Release, Pay Advances, Payroll Complaint Process.
Section 1 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Policy Statement'.
Section 2 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Frequency, Cut-off Period and Pay Dates'.
Section 3 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Payroll Requirements'.
Section 4 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Withholding Tax on Earnings'.
Section 5 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Social Security, PhilHealth, Pag-IBIG Fund Contributions'.
Section 6 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Other Payroll Deductions'.
Section 7 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Pay Structure'.
Section 8 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Pay Computation'.
Section 9 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Manner of Salary Release'.
Section 10 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Pay Advances'.
Section 11 of Chapter 5 is titled 'Payroll Complaint Process'.
Chapter 6 is titled 'Benefits and Privileges'.
Chapter 6 includes the following sections: Policy Statement, Statutory Benefits, Government Mandated Benefits, University Initiated Benefits, Leave Credits, Vacation Leave, Emergency Leave.
Section 1 of Chapter 6 is titled 'Policy Statement'.
Section 2 of Chapter 6 is titled 'Statutory Benefits'.
Section 3 of Chapter 6 is titled 'Government Mandated Benefits'.
Section 4 of Chapter 6 is titled 'University Initiated Benefits'.
Section 5 of Chapter 6 is titled 'Leave Credits'.
Section 6 of Chapter 6 is titled 'Leave Credits'.
Section 7 of Chapter 6 is titled 'Vacation Leave'.
Section 8 of Chapter 6 is titled 'Emergency Leave'.
SECTION 9 is about MATERNITY LEAVE.
SECTION 10 is about PATERNITY LEAVE.
SECTION 11 is about SOLO PARENT LEAVE.
SECTION 12 is about SPECIAL LEAVE FOR WOMEN.
SECTION 13 is about EDUCATIONAL BENEFITS.
SECTION 14 is about MEDICINE SUBSIDY.
SECTION 15 is about LIFE INSURANCE AND BEREAVEMENT BENEFIT.
SECTION 16 is about RETIREMENT.
SECTION 17 is about LONGEVITY PAY.
SECTION 18 is about DE MINIMIS BENEFITS.
SECTION 19 is about HEALTHCARE BENEFITS.
SECTION 20 is about MEMBERSHIP TO SM EMPLOYEE ASSOCIATION.
SECTION 21 is about SM E-CARD.
CHAPTER 7 is about TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM.
SECTION 1 of CHAPTER 7 is about POLICY STATEMENT.
SECTION 2 of CHAPTER 7 is about ORIENTATION.
SECTION 3 of CHAPTER 7 is about SEMINARS AND TRAINING.
SECTION 4 of CHAPTER 7 is about FACULTY DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM.
SECTION 5 of CHAPTER 7 is about PERSONNEL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM.
SECTION 6 of CHAPTER 7 is about JOB RANKING.
CHAPTER 8 is about PERFORMANCE EVALUATION.
SECTION 1 of CHAPTER 8 is about POLICY STATEMENT.
SECTION 2 of CHAPTER 8 is about GUIDELINES.
SECTION 3 of CHAPTER 8 is about METHODS AND CONDUCT OF EVALUATION.
CHAPTER 9 is about WORK STANDARDS AND EXPECTATIONS.
SECTION 1 of CHAPTER 9 is about POLICY STATEMENT.
SECTION 2 of CHAPTER 9 is about EQUAL EMPLOYMENT POLICY.
SECTION 3 of CHAPTER 9 is about APPEARANCE AND ATTIRE/DRESS CODE.
SECTION 4 of CHAPTER 9 is about SAFETY POLICY AND GUIDELINES USING SAFETY EQUIPMENT.
SECTION 5 of CHAPTER 9 is about PERSONAL CALLS, VISITS AND BUSINESS.
SECTION 6 of CHAPTER 9 is about REPORTING AN INCIDENT.
SECTION 7 of CHAPTER 9 is about CARE OF EQUIPMENT AND SUPPLIES.
SECTION 8 is about SMOKING AT THE WORKPLACE.
SECTION 9 is about VIOLENCE AND WEAPONS.
SECTION 10 is about DRUG-FREE WORKPLACE.
SECTION 11 is about RESPONDING TO CUSTOMER INQUIRIES AND PROBLEMS.
SECTION 12 is about CONFLICT OF INTEREST.
SECTION 13 is about SOLICITATION AND DISTRIBUTION.
SECTION 14 is about BUSINESS EXPENSES.
SECTION 15 is about INSPECTION OF PERSONAL AND UNIVERSITY PROPERTY.
SECTION 16 is about NETWORK AND ELECTRONIC RESOURCES POLICY, COMMUNICATION AND CELLPHONE USE.
SECTION 17 is about CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION.
SECTION 18 is about HARASSMENT POLICY.
SECTION 19 is about EXTERNAL COMMUNICATIONS AND SOCIAL MEDIA GUIDELINES.
SECTION 20 is about HEALTH AND SANITATION.
SECTION 21 is about POLICY PROHIBITING HIRING OF RELATIVES.
SECTION 22 is about FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION.
CHAPTER 10 is about CODE OF DISCIPLINE.
SECTION 1 of CHAPTER 10 is about POLICY STATEMENT.
SECTION 2 of CHAPTER 10 is about ETHICAL CONDUCT.
SECTION 3 of CHAPTER 10 is about RULES OF CONDUCT AND BEHAVIOR.
SECTION 4 of CHAPTER 10 is about PROGRESSIVE DISCIPLINARY PROCEDURE.
SECTION 5 of CHAPTER 10 is about GRIEVANCE POLICY AND PROCEDURE.
SECTION 6 of CHAPTER 10 is about OFFENSES AND CORRESPONDING SANCTIONS.
SECTION 7 of CHAPTER 10 is about EMPLOYEE – STUDENT RELATIONSHIP.
SECTION 8 of CHAPTER 10 is about FACULTY – FACULTY RELATIONSHIP.
SECTION 9 of CHAPTER 10 is about FACULTY – ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT PERSONNEL RELATIONSHIP.
SECTION 10 of CHAPTER 10 is about EMPLOYEE – ADMINISTRATION RELATIONSHIP.
SECTION 11 of CHAPTER 10 is about EMPLOYEE – COMMUNITY RELATIONSHIP.
CHAPTER 11 is about SEPARATION AND TERMINATION.
SECTION 1 of CHAPTER 11 is about POLICY STATEMENT.
SECTION 2 of CHAPTER 11 is about SEPARATION.
SECTION 3 of CHAPTER 11 is about VOLUNTARY RESIGNATION/SEPARATION.
SECTION 4 of CHAPTER 11 is about TERMINATION FOR CAUSE.
SECTION 5 is titled RETIREMENT and is located on page 122.
SECTION 6 is titled DEATH and is located on page 122.
SECTION 7 is titled MEDICAL DISABILITY and is located on page 122.
SECTION 8 is titled REDUNDANCY and is located on page 123.
SECTION 9 is titled RETRENCHMENT and is located on page 123.
SECTION 10 is titled EXCLUSIVE SERVICE and is located on page 123.
SECTION 11 is titled LAST PAY AND CLEARANCE and is located on page 124.
MANUAL REVISION GUIDELINES is located on page 125.
LIST OF ACRONYMS is located on page 126.
CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT is located on page 128.
EMPLOYEE CONSENT FOR THE PROCESSING, RELEASE AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION is located on page 129.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT is located on page 130.
ANNEX A is titled NATIONAL UNIVERSITY ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE and is located on page 131.
ANNEX B is titled 2023 FACULTY RANKING SYSTEM and is located on page 136.
ANNEX C is titled CHECKLIST OF REQUIREMENTS FOR NEW EMPLOYEES and is located on page 144.
ANNEX D is titled REVISED STANDARD PERFORMANCE EVALUATION (SPES) FOR FACULTY and is located on page 145.
ANNEX E is titled REVISED STANDARD PERFORMANCE EVALUATION (SPES) FOR ASP and is located on page 155.
Job Rank is located on page 155.
Corresponding SPES is located on page 155.
Job Rank 101 to 203 is located on page 155.
Click here to download the SPES Form for Job Rank 101 to 203, which is located on page 155.
Job Rank 301 and up is located on page 155.
Click here to download the SPES Form for Job Rank 301 and up, which is located on page 155.
Welcome to the National University.
As individuals commit to their professional careers, they also enlist their time and aspects of their personal life.
The National University provides meaning to employment with its Vision, Mission, Goals, and Values.
This Employee Manual helps employees focus their efforts on a noble cause.
National University prepared this Manual to provide an overview of its policies, rules, regulations, and benefits.
This Manual will familiarize employees with important information about National University.
This Manual provides guidelines on employment to foster a safe and healthy work environment.
This Manual cannot be construed as a legal document.
This Manual provides general information governing employees of National University.
This Manual is neither an expression nor an implied contract.
This Manual is not a substitute for sound management judgment and discretion.
It is impossible to anticipate every situation that may arise in the workplace.
It is impossible to provide information that answers all issues.
A circumstance will undoubtedly require that policies and regulations, practices, and benefits described in this Manual change from time to time.
National University reserves the right to modify, supplement, remove, or revise any provision in this Manual.
National University can make modifications in its sole discretion with or without notice.
No business is free from day-to-day problems.
National University believes its human resources policies and practices will help resolve such problems.
All individuals must work together as a team to make National University a viable, healthy, and valuable institution.
Working together is the only way to provide a satisfactory working environment that promotes genuine concern and respect for others.
This includes all employees and customers of National University.
If any statement in this Manual is not clear, employees should check with their immediate superior for clarification.
Employees are welcome to provide comments and suggestions for improving items in this Manual.
This Manual supersedes any prior policies, procedures, and Manuals of National University as stated in the Manual Control Version Log.
The Human Resources Division is part of National University.
National University is committed to protecting the privacy rights of individuals on personal information.
The commitment to privacy is pursuant to the provisions of Republic Act No. 101173.
Republic Act No. 101173 is known as the Data Privacy Act of 2012.
The commitment to privacy is also pursuant to its Implementing Rules and Regulation.
The commitment to privacy is also pursuant to other NPC issuances.
All employees of National University are enjoined to comply with the privacy policy.
All students of National University are enjoined to comply with the privacy policy.
All administration officers of National University are enjoined to comply with the privacy policy.
All employees, students, and administration officers share in the responsibility to secure and protect personal information.
National University collects and processes personal information in pursuit of legitimate purposes.
The Commission on Higher Education emphasizes the NPC’s '5 Commandments' for data privacy compliance.
The '5 Commandments' for data privacy compliance include appointing a Data Protection Officer (DPO).
The '5 Commandments' for data privacy compliance include conducting a Privacy Impact Assessment.
The '5 Commandments' for data privacy compliance include creating a Privacy Management Program.
The '5 Commandments' for data privacy compliance include implementing privacy and data protection measures.
The '5 Commandments' for data privacy compliance include performing Breach Reporting Procedure.
National University ensures that it gathers, stores, and handles data fairly, transparently, and with respect for individual rights.
National University needs to obtain and process information as part of its operations.
The information obtained and processed includes any offline or online data that makes a person identifiable.
Identifiable information includes names, addresses, usernames, and passwords.
Identifiable information includes digital footprints, photographs, social security numbers, and financial data.
National University transparently collects identifiable information.
Identifiable information is collected only with the full cooperation and knowledge of interested parties.
Once identifiable information is available to National University, certain rules apply.
The data collected by National University will be accurate and kept up-to-date.
The data collected by National University will be collected fairly and for lawful purposes only.
The data collected by National University will be processed within its legal and moral boundaries.
The data collected by National University will be protected against any unauthorized or illegal access by internal or external parties.
The data collected by National University will not be communicated informally.
The data collected by National University will not be stored for more than a specified amount of time.
Data may be transferred to organizations, states, or countries that do not have adequate data protection policies.
Data may be distributed to any party other than the ones agreed upon by the data’s owner.
Legitimate requests from law enforcement authorities are exempt from the distribution restriction.
The company has direct obligations toward people to whom the data belongs.
The company must let people know which of their data is collected.
The company must inform people about how the company will process their data.
The company must inform people about who has access to their information.
The company must have provisions in cases of lost, corrupted, or compromised data.
The company must allow people to request that the company modify, erase, reduce, or correct data contained in the company's databases.
The company is committed to restricting and monitoring access to sensitive data.
The company is committed to developing transparent data collection procedures.
The company is committed to training employees in online privacy and security measures.
The company is committed to building secure networks to protect online data from cyberattacks.
The company is committed to establishing clear procedures for reporting privacy breaches or data misuse.
The company is committed to including contract clauses or communicating statements on how the company handles data.
The company is committed to establishing data protection practices such as document shredding, secure locks, data encryption, frequent backups, and access authorization.
A young man was barely 23 years old.
The young man had a vision of inculcating among the youth the qualities of competence and leadership.
The young man had a vision of inculcating among the youth high moral and spiritual values.
The young man had a vision of the development of everyone into a total person.
The qualities would be acquired through an educational process guided by the philosophy of Dynamic Filipinism.
The philosophy of Dynamic Filipinism has as its guiding tenets the internalizing of all that is good in the Filipino people.
The good qualities in the Filipino people include warmth, hospitality, innovativeness, and a high emotional quotient.
The high emotional quotient has made Filipinos renowned in service-oriented industries.
The young man, Don Mariano Fortunato Jhocson, founded Colegio Filipino on August 01, 1900.
Colegio Filipino is now known as NATIONAL UNIVERSITY.
Colegio Filipino was founded in Quiapo, City of Manila.
Colegio Filipino was the first non-sectarian and co-educational institution at that time.
There were only a handful of students at that time in the fledgling school.
The students were in the elementary and secondary (High School) levels.
Don Mariano was a teacher, director, and janitor rolled into one to help the school grow.
In a short span of 5 years, Don Mariano offered courses in Business – bookkeeping and accounting.
Don Mariano was convinced that thus armed, his students would be financially secure and respectable after graduation.
The name was changed to Colegio Mercantil.
The diploma of Perito Mercantil was awarded.
A short time later, the Philippine Law School was opened with the collaboration of the Lacson brothers.
Don Mariano saw the dire need for training the youth for leadership and responsibility.
Don Mariano firmly believed that the discipline of Law would turn out men and women who would eventually be advocates for Philippine self-government.
In 1916, the Board of Trustees changed the name from Colegio Mercantil to National Academy.
The growth of the Academy was continuous.
Liberal Arts was added to the Academy.
Liberal Arts became the gateway to other disciplines that followed.
After 21 years of educational service, on January 17, 1921, the Board of Trustees applied for and secured permission from the Department of Public Instruction to change the name of the National Academy to NATIONAL UNIVERSITY.
On the same day, the University installed Senator Camilo Osias as President of the University.
Senator Camilo Osias was one of the most respected and outstanding Filipino educators.
The Colleges of Education and Commerce were opened in the same year.
The Colleges of Pharmacy and Dentistry were opened in 1922.
The College of Engineering, initially offering Civil Engineering, opened in 1925.
The Normal School opened in 1930.
Sanitary Engineering was initially offered in 1930.
From July 1945, the facilities of NATIONAL UNIVERSITY have continuously expanded.
Bachelor’s degrees in chemical, Electrical, Industrial, Mechanical Engineering and Architecture and Arts were added.
A Master in Sanitary Engineering was also organized.
The University started offering Computer Science programs in 1990.
The University started offering Marine Engineering programs in 1994.
The University started offering Computer Engineering programs in 1994.
The University started offering Electronics and Communications Engineering programs in 1994.
The University started offering the College of Nursing in 2004.
The University started offering Hotel and Restaurant Management in 2008.
The University started offering Information Technology in 2009.
On January 01, 1998, a disastrous fire razed four buildings of the University.
The four buildings that were razed by the fire were the Main Building, Law and Commerce Building, Elementary Building, and the Graduate School Building.
The University was able to re-open its doors after three weeks of unrelenting restoration work.
In the last quarter of the year 2008, the SM Group of Companies acquired majority ownership of the National University.
The all-out support of the SM Group strengthened the National University as a higher institution.
The support from the SM Group included the building of new infrastructure.
The support from the SM Group included improved and upgraded laboratories.
The improvements were focused on academic excellence.
The year 2021 marked the end of the 5-year strategic development plan after the SM Group acquired the National University.
National University now has more than one thousand teaching and non-teaching personnel.
Enrollment at National University is progressively increasing with more than ten thousand students.
National University is a founding member of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP).
National University is a pioneer of the Philippine Association of Colleges and Universities (PACU).
National University's international affiliations include the Association of Southeast Asia Higher Institutions of Learning (ASAIHL).
National University's international memberships include the International Association of Universities (IAU).
Today, the University is engaged in a continuous modernization and upgrading program for its facilities.
Today, the University is engaged in a continuous modernization and upgrading program for its faculty.
Today, the University is engaged in a continuous modernization and upgrading program for its sports development.
The new University infrastructure is an 8-storey modern design building.
The new University infrastructure has two units of escalators.
The new University infrastructure has four units of elevators.
There are 8 operational campuses of National University in the Philippines.
The main campus of National University is located in NU Manila, Sampaloc, Manila.
NU Laguna is located in Calamba, Laguna and was established in 2018.
NU Fairview is located in Fairview, Quezon City and was established in 2019.
NU MOA is located in Pasay City and was established in 2019.
NU Baliwag is located in Bulacan and was established in 2020.
NU Dasmariñas is located in Cavite and was established in 2021.
NU Lipa is located in Lipa, Batangas and was established in 2022.
NU Clark is located in Mabalacat, Pampanga and was established in 2023.
Upcoming campuses include NU Bacolod, which is set to open in 2024.
Upcoming campuses include NU East Ortigas, which is set to open in 2024.
Upcoming campuses include NU Cebu, which is set to open in 2025.
NU’s major achievements include a 3 QS Stars Rating Overall in 2022.
NU received 5 QS Stars in Teaching.
NU received 4 QS Stars in Online Learning.
NU received 3 QS Stars in Employability, Academic Development, and Inclusiveness.
NU received 1 QS Star in Internationalization, Social Responsibility, and Computer Science and Information System Program.
NU was granted CHEd Autonomous Status in 2019.
The institution is recognized as a Center of Excellence in IT Education.
The recognition as a Center of Excellence in IT Education is extended until further notice.
100% of the 24 programs in the main campus are accredited.
54.16% of the programs, which is 13 programs, are for Level IV accreditation.
The institution has a 3-year ISO 9001:2015 Certification starting in 2021.
The institution has won UAAP championship titles in various sports.
The sports in which the institution has won UAAP championship titles include basketball and volleyball.
The institution has established eight new operational campuses.
The institution has enhanced its organizational structure.
The institution has become more financially sustainable.
The institution has strengthened its research capabilities.
The institution has developed a stronger sense of community.
The institution has fostered a sense of nationhood.
The primary academic direction of the SM Group of Companies is to produce employable graduates.
Employable graduates are those who will be productive contributors to the community and country.
Translating the primary academic direction to curriculum development and instructional delivery refers to National University.
The institution provides tools and equipment that are relevant to the required skills or expectations of employers.
The institution focuses on improving instruction.
The institution provides a conducive classroom environment.
The institution uses technology in the classroom.
The institution ensures a 'Value for money' education.
National University is a dynamic private institution committed to nation-building.
National University is recognized internationally in education and research.
National University is guided by core values.
National University is characterized by its cultural heritage of Dynamic Filipinism.
National University is committed to providing relevant, innovative, and accessible quality education.
National University is committed to providing other development programs.
National University is committed to its students.
National University aims to mold students into life-long learners.
National University aims to mold students into ethical citizens.
National University aims to mold students into spiritual citizens.
National University aims to mold students into self-directed agents of change.
National University is committed to its faculty and employees.
National University aims to enhance the competencies of faculty and employees.
National University aims to stimulate the passion of faculty and employees.
National University aims to cultivate the commitment of faculty and employees.
National University aims to provide a just and fulfilling work environment for faculty and employees.
Alumni strengthen their sense of pride through engagement, loyalty, and love for their alma mater.
Industry partners and employers engage in active collaborations.
Industry partners and employers provide Nationalians who will contribute to their growth and development.
The community contributes to the improvement of life's conditions and well-being of its members.
Dynamic Filipinism is the process of internalizing all that is best in the Filipino.
Dynamic Filipinism includes time-honored values and deep spirituality stamped upon education for Philippine citizenship.
Dynamic Filipinism is compatible with global progress, kinship, and universal culture.
Dynamic Filipinism is guided by intense nationalism, democracy, and evolving internationalism.
National University provides a nurturing learning environment.
National University strives to continually innovate and improve its programs and services.
National University’s programs are student-centered.
National University’s programs are experiential in methodology.
National University’s programs are competency-based.
National University’s programs are relevant in content.
National University shapes students into leaders and team players.
National University provides students with essential skills to empower them to become global professionals.
National University instills the right attitude toward success in its students.
The goals of National University shall be subject to constant review and monitoring.
The strategic intent of National University is taken from the Five-Year Strategic Development Plan for Academic Year 2016 to 2017 until Academic Year 2020 to 2021 revised in June 2017.
Within the next five years, National University intends to produce graduates who will be productive contributors to society.
National University shall ensure that anyone who graduates from the University is assured of a job or has the competency to succeed as an entrepreneur.
The assurance of a job or competency to succeed as an entrepreneur entails competent faculty who can deliver quality instruction.
The assurance of a job or competency to succeed as an entrepreneur entails a curriculum that meets the requirements and expectations of the industry.
The assurance of a job or competency to succeed as an entrepreneur entails adequate facilities and equipment to support both academic and non-academic requirements.
The assurance of a job or competency to succeed as an entrepreneur entails financial stability to sustain efficient operations.
National University must continue strengthening its research capability.
National University intends to attain autonomous status as a university.
The University is a community of men and women dedicated to the task of molding Filipino leaders.
The University molds Filipino leaders with spiritual, cultural, and moral values through the delivery of quality education.
Each student contributes to the noble mission of the University.
Each student supports the successful pursuit of all institutional goals.
The University commits its highest regard for human dignity.
The University is fair in dealing with students.
The University looks after the well-being of students.
The University expects students to be efficient and effective.
The efficiency and effectiveness of students are manifested through the core values of the University.
A Nationalian possesses the core values as described below.
Integrity reflects who and what individuals are.
Individuals are honest.
Individuals are fair.
Individuals are just.
Individuals will always do right by anybody.
Compassion shows how much individuals value people.
Individuals can feel what others feel.
Individuals can treat each one with care and understanding regardless of any situation.
Innovation involves continuously introducing creative change in something established.
Innovation is not for the sake of change itself.
Innovation has the purpose of constantly improving and being responsive to the times.
Resilience is evidence of the strength of character.
Individuals are not easily discouraged by trials and tribulations.
Individuals know how to roll with the punches and spring back into action.
Patriotism places nationalism at the center of the institution and community.
Individuals display undying and devoted love for their country and everything that it stands for.
The National University has developed leaders since its establishment in 1900.
The National University is guided by the philosophy of Dynamic Filipinism.
The National University upholds high standards of educational services for the holistic development of lifelong learners.
The President and CEO of the National University, with the management team, shall formulate the quality policy of the National University.
The quality policy supports the vision, mission, and objectives of the National University.
The management, faculty, and staff of the National University commit to continuously improve the efficiency of operational and management processes.
The improvement of operational and management processes is to meet ISO 21001:2018 Management Systems for Educational Organizations standard.
The improvement of operational and management processes is to meet applicable statutory, regulatory, and institutional requirements.
SECTION 5 is about the school logo, colors, and motto.
5.1 is about the school logo.
5.2 is about the colors of National University.
Blue stands for the noble cause of National University.
Gold portrays the unwavering dedication of National University to nation-building.
5.3 is about the motto of National University.
The motto of National University is 'Education That Works'.
SECTION 6 is about the National University hymn.
The National University hymn is the hymn of National University.
The Institution encourages everyone to memorize, internalize, and live by the tenets of the institution with the proud singing of the National University hymn.
The pledge includes the lines 'I pledge my life, my honor to thee, my Alma Mater'.
The pledge includes the lines 'Who made me grow in wisdom, gave me love and made me strong'.
The pledge includes the lines 'I shall defend thy good name'.
The pledge includes the lines 'I’ll strive to bring thee more fame'.
The pledge includes the lines 'I shall wave the gold and blue, the colors of National University'.
The pledge includes the lines 'I shall wave the gold and blue, the colors of National University'.
The National University Hymn shall be made part of all official activities of the National University.
The National University Hymn shall be especially part of the official activities of the colleges and schools.
The National University Hymn shall be especially part of the official activities of the students.
The School Hymn shall be sung either before the activity begins or after the activity ends.
The singing of the School Hymn shall inculcate a deep pride and love for National University.
The University has six major program thrusts to meet its Vision and Mission.
The first major program thrust is Programs for Arts and Sciences.
The second major program thrust is Programs for Allied Health Sciences.
The third major program thrust is Programs for Technology-Driven Sciences.
The fourth major program thrust is Programs for Business and Accountancy.
The fifth major program thrust is Programs for Tourism and Hospitality Management.
The sixth major program thrust is Programs for Engineering and Architecture.
Corporate governance is the set of processes, customs, policies, laws, and institutions affecting the way National University will be directed, administered, or controlled.
Corporate governance includes the relationships among the many stakeholders involved.
Corporate governance includes the goals for which National University is governed.
The governance addresses matters such as the Board’s mission.
The governance addresses matters such as Director responsibilities.
The governance addresses matters such as Director qualifications.
The governance addresses matters such as Board and council committee structure.
The governance addresses matters such as Chief Executive Officer performance evaluation.
The governance addresses matters such as management succession.
The governance shall be discussed, approved, and subject to amendment based on what deems important in the leadership of National University.
An effective governance shall consider the factor of accountability.
Accountability refers to all the personnel on all levels of the organization hierarchy to the achievement of the responsibilities and tasks.
Accountability ensures satisfaction of the ultimate stakeholders.
An effective governance shall consider the factor of transparency.
Transparency refers to the information, timeliness, and integrity of the information produced.
An effective governance shall consider the factor of clarity.
Clarity refers to responsibilities and timelines to enhance accountability.
An effective governance shall consider the factor of checks and balances.
Checks and balances are a mechanism that guards against fraud and errors due to omission.
An effective governance shall consider the factor of adherence.
Adherence refers to the rules, policies, regulations, guidelines, protocols, and laws.
Ensuring that good corporate governance is in place in National University will lay down the framework for creating long-term trust between National University and all its stakeholders.
To commit to good governance, the proper adherence to the guidelines, policies, and regulations outlined in this Manual shall be enforced, implemented, and followed by all levels of the organization from management down to the rank and file.
The organization structure of National University is segregated based on two core functions of National University.
The two core functions of National University are the strategic operations function and the academic operations function.
Academic operations are the central core of National University operations.
Academic operations deal with the planning, organizing, managing, coordinating, and controlling all resources and activities necessary in the delivery of quality education to the students of National University.
Strategic operations focus on the development of National University’s strategy.
Strategic operations chart out National University’s future growth pattern based on some specific actions.
Strategic operations ensure that no departments are working in silos.
Based on the organization structure, there are eight divisions under the President/CEO.
The eight divisions under the President/CEO are Academic Operations, Administrative Services, Corporate Affairs, Finance Services, Human Resources, Information Technology, Quality Management, and NU Campus Operations.
These divisions shall have several departments or units of operations.
National University management reserves the right to adjust the structure based on conceived need and requirement of the expanding operations of the institution.
The National University Table of Organization is shown in Annex A.
Leadership, commitment, and active involvement of the National University Management Team are essential in developing and maintaining an effective and efficient system to achieve school success.
The National University Management Team is composed of the President and CEO and all the VPs and Unit Directors.
School success includes customer success, employee success, operational success, and financial success.
The Board of Directors is the highest policy-making body of the University.
The Board of Directors is accountable to all its stakeholders.
The Board of Directors has the sole authority to determine policy, conduct the ordinary business, and manage and control the assets of the University.
The Board of Directors deliberates, formulates, and approves general policies deemed necessary in administering the development of the University.
The Board of Directors decides on major problems and issues besetting the school.
The Board of Directors appoints, replaces, and exercises general supervision over key officers of the University.
The Board of Directors approves important financial matters such as budgets, capital expenditures, compensation of key officers and committee members, and financial audits.
The Board of Directors ensures that proper annual and interim reports are given to stockholders.
The Board of Directors safeguards and approves changes in the corporate assets.
The changes in corporate assets include declaration of dividends, pledge of assets for loans, sale or mortgage of property, and issuance of securities.
The Board of Directors delegates authority to other officers to sign contracts, open bank accounts, issue stock, make loans, and perform other activities which require board approval.
The University enforces the articles of incorporation and bylaws.
The University maintains a sound Board through regular annual elections.
The University fills vacancies on the Board.
The University constitutes Board Committees such as an Executive Committee.
The Executive Committee has delegated authority to act on important and urgent matters.
The University provides means for the promotion and advancement of financial programs.
The University provides means for the promotion and advancement of academic programs.
The University provides means for the promotion and advancement of physical plant.
The University provides means for the promotion and advancement of land.
The University provides means for the promotion and advancement of infrastructures.
The University provides means for the promotion and advancement of other developmental programs.
The Executive Committee is a board committee.
The Executive Committee acts on all matters except when specifically restricted by the Board through its resolutions.
The Executive Committee usually meets between regular Board Meetings.
The Executive Committee discusses or acts on urgent matters which the Board cannot act upon immediately.
The Executive Committee reviews the overall operations of the business.
The Executive Committee decides appropriate actions to improve University performance.
The Executive Committee reviews recommendations of operating committees.
The Executive Committee sorts out urgent matters for immediate action.
The Executive Committee endorses committee policy recommendations for Board approval or ratification.
The Executive Committee approves recommendations for appointments for all executive positions with the rank of Assistant Vice-President or higher.
The Executive Committee reviews major proposals or transactions between the University and outside parties.
The major proposals or transactions affect the overall organization and financial operations of the University.
The Executive Committee recommends general administration policies governing academic affairs.
The Executive Committee promulgates general administration policies governing personnel.
The Executive Committee promulgates general administration policies governing financial management.
The Executive Committee promulgates general administration policies governing real and other properties.
The Executive Committee promulgates general administration policies governing development planning.
The Executive Committee promulgates general administration policies governing other aspects of institutional management.
The promulgation of policies is subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors appoints the President.
The President concurrently functions as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the University.
The President leads the academic programs of the University.
The President leads the administrative programs of the University.
The President leads the development programs of the University.
The President works towards the realization of the Vision, Mission, and goals of the University.
The President/CEO is responsible for embodying the mission of the school.
The President/CEO articulates the mission for all aspects of the school’s program.
The President/CEO initiates the strategic planning for the University.
The President/CEO monitors and controls in order to meet goals and objectives of the National University.
The President/CEO keeps the Board informed of all matters relating to the school.
The President/CEO provides reports at Board meetings.
The President/CEO provides immediate communication following major school events or happenings.
The President/CEO fosters professionalism in the University.
The President/CEO fosters collegiality in the University.
The President/CEO fosters ethical conduct in the University.
The President’s Council is composed of the President/CEO.
The President’s Council is composed of the Group Academic Officer.
The President’s Council is composed of the Chief Information Officer.
The President’s Council is composed of the Group Chief Finance Officer.
The President’s Council is composed of all the Vice Presidents.
The President’s Council is composed of the Assistant Vice President for Human Resources.
The President’s Council is also considered as the Executive Committee (ExeCom).
The President’s Council advises the President/CEO in all academic issues and concerns.
The academic issues and concerns include instruction.
The academic issues and concerns include research.
The academic issues and concerns include community extension.
The President’s Council addresses major administrative and operational problems encountered in the University.
The President’s Council reviews, approves, and implements any policy presented to the Council.
The President’s Council reviews, approves, and implements any programs presented to the Council.
The President’s Council reviews, approves, and implements any reforms presented to the Council.
The President’s Council reviews, approves, and implements any guidelines presented to the Council.
The NU Philippines Management Council is headed by the President/CEO.
The NU Philippines Management Council is composed of the President’s Council.
The NU Philippines Management Council is composed of the Executive Directors of NU campuses.
The NU Philippines Management Council is composed of the Senior Directors of the Shared Services.
The NU Philippines Management Council is responsible for discussing and standardizing the policies across all campuses of National University.
The NU Philippines Management Council is responsible for discussing and standardizing the procedures across all campuses of National University.
The NU Philippines Management Council is responsible for discussing and standardizing the programs across all campuses of National University.
The NU Philippines Management Council is responsible for discussing and standardizing the activities across all campuses of National University.
The NU Philippines Management Council reviews, approves, and implements any policy presented to the Council.
The NU Philippines Management Council reviews, approves, and implements any programs presented to the Council.
The NU Philippines Management Council reviews, approves, and implements any reforms presented to the Council.
The NU Philippines Management Council reviews, approves, and implements any guidelines presented to the Council.
The Academic Council is headed by the Group Academic Officer.
The Academic Council is composed of the campus academic heads.
The Academic Council is involved in the development of academic policies for implementation across all campuses.
The Academic Council is involved in the development of academic standards for implementation across all campuses.
The Academic Council exercises general supervision over the academic works and efforts of National University.
The Academic Council gives direction regarding methods of instruction.
The Academic Council gives direction regarding evaluation.
The Academic Council gives direction regarding improvements in academic standards.
The Academic Council takes periodical review of the activities of the campuses.
The Academic Council takes periodical review of the performances of the campuses.
The activities of the campuses include enrollment.
The activities of the campuses include retention.
The activities of the campuses include graduation.
The Academic Council takes appropriate action with a view to maintaining and improving standards of instruction.
The Academic Council recommends institution of teaching posts to the Executive Committee.
The Academic Council recommends standardized systems to the Executive Committee.
The Academic Council recommends institution of teaching posts to the President’s Council.
The Academic Council recommends standardized systems to the President’s Council.
The Deans Council is the management team per campus.
The Deans Council is composed of the College/School Deans.
The Deans Council is headed by the Campus Academic Head.
The Deans Council is involved in the verification and validation of quality processes relative to the realization of academic products and services.
The Deans Council has specific roles and responsibilities.
The Deans Council discusses and considers matters of academic interest either on its own initiative or at the instance of the Executive Committee and the President’s Council.
The Deans Council considers matters proposed by the departments/faculties.
The Deans Council takes proper action on matters of academic interest.
The Deans Council promotes research within the university.
The Deans Council acquires reports on research from time to time.
The Deans Council prescribes courses of study leading to degrees and diplomas of the National University campus.
The Deans Council suggests measures for departmental coordination and collaboration.
The Deans Council makes recommendations to the Executive Committee and the President’s Council.
The recommendations include measures for improvement of standards of teaching, research, and community engagement.
The recommendations include the institution of fellowships, travel fellowships, scholarships, medals, prizes, etc.
The Deans Council recommends to the Executive Committee and the President’s Council the establishment or abolition of programs and other offerings.
The Deans Council takes periodical review of the activities and performances of the Colleges/Schools.
The review includes enrollment, retention, and graduation.
The Deans Council takes appropriate action with a view to maintaining and improving standards of instruction.
The Deans Council exercises such other powers and performs such other duties as may be conferred or imposed upon it by the Rules.
The Administrators Council is headed by the Campus Head.
The Administrators Council is composed of all directors/office heads and college/school deans.
The Administrators Council meets once a month.
The Administrators Council supports quality processes relative to the realization of academic and non-academic products and services.
The Administrators Council has specific roles and responsibilities.
The Administrators Council implements, manages, reviews, and modifies the administrative policies of the National University.
The Administrators Council discusses complaints, issues, concerns, and grievances within and between the administration and employees at all organizational levels regarding university policies, practices, and programs.
The Administrators Council reviews and updates the Employee Manual.
The Administrators Council recommends corrections, adaptations, and possible alternative suitable administrative structures.
The Administrators Council reviews performances of the units involved in the Administrators Council.
The Administrators Council prepares monthly performance and issues reports for submission to the President.
The Administrators Council fosters closer working relationships and collaborates on tasks between organizational areas, units, and groups of employees to address the issues and concerns of the employees.
To maintain quality standards of services, hiring and employment policies and practices would ensure efficient and effective operational processes to satisfy stakeholders’ expectations.
National University shall employ only the right number of people.
The right number of people must possess the appropriate knowledge skills, technical skills, values, and attitude.
The right number of people should match the specifications of the position required of the job.
The importance of the employee is affirmed from recruitment to retirement.
The University leadership sustains its stature by the undaunted participation and support of the employees.
National University regards human resources as its greatest asset.
Employees commit to participate in achieving National University’s Vision, Mission, and Goals.
Employees can expect genuine care and concern from National University.
National University is committed to providing opportunities for personal career and professional growth.
Providing opportunities for personal career and professional growth enhances the economic welfare of the family of employees.
National University adheres to the principle of recruiting the most qualified to ensure adherence to the highest standard of professionalism.
National University prohibits hiring relatives to avoid potential conflict of interest situations.
National University maximizes opportunities for personal and professional growth.
National University maintains a performance-based career program.
National University adopts a responsive and competitive compensation and benefits program.
National University maintains a work environment conducive to high performance and harmonious employer-employee relationships.
National University promotes well-motivated people whose work is a source of fulfillment.
It is the policy of National University that only the President can officially hire or employ any type of employee.
The President can terminate the services of any type of employee with just cause as provided in Article 282 of the Labor Code of the Philippines.
There are two types of employment within National University.
Teaching Personnel (TP) includes all the personnel assigned in the Colleges/Schools.
Teaching Personnel (TP) includes the Deans.
Teaching Personnel (TP) includes Program Chairs.
Teaching Personnel (TP) includes Faculty.
Teaching Personnel (TP) have different classifications and faculty rankings.
The classifications for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Academic and Industry Practitioner.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Regular Full-time.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Probationary Full-time.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Contractual Full-time (Non-regular).
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Part-Time.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Substitute.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Special Lecturer/Consultant/Adjunct.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Full Professor 1 to 4.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Associate Professor 1 to 4.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Assistant Professor 1 to 4.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Instructor 1 to 4.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Professional Lecturer 1 to 6.
The faculty rankings for Teaching Personnel (TP) include Lecturer 1 to 3.
Administrative Support Personnel (ASP) includes all those who are assigned in the offices to support the operations of the school.
Administrative Support Personnel (ASP) includes personnel from the upper and middle management down to the staff.
Most of the policies and guidelines in this Manual are applicable to all Administrative Support Personnel (ASP).
Officials are Administrative Support Personnel (ASP) with a job rank of 401 and up.
Supervisors are Administrative Support Personnel (ASP) with a job rank of 301 to 303.
Rank & File are Administrative Support Personnel (ASP) with a job rank of 101 to 203.
Probationary Teaching Appointment is a classification of employment for all Teaching Personnel (TP).
All Teaching Personnel (TP) being hired to fill in vacant positions shall be initially issued a Probationary Contract.
The Probationary Contract is the period when an employee’s capability and suitability for the position is assessed based on the National University’s performance standards.
The probationary employee is subject to specific conditions.
The probationary employee must undergo a maximum of 9 terms of continuous service as provided by law to prove suitability for the position.
The probationary period serves as an opportunity for the faculty to determine job fit.
The probationary employee has no other remunerative occupation elsewhere.
The probationary employee is subject to all National University policies, rules, and regulations.
Probationary full-time faculty members may be entitled to specific benefits after one (1) year of continuous employment at National University.
The probationary employee is subject to annual performance evaluation by the immediate superior.
National University shall use a Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) to measure the performance of the employee.
The candidate for regularization should achieve at least a rating of 4.0 or Meets Expectation (ME) in all SPES records.
The candidate for regularization should achieve an average Online Teachers Evaluation (OTE) of 4.51 during the probationary period.
The candidate for regularization should have no score lower than 4.51 in any evaluation.
National University shall inform the probationary employee of the standards by which the probationary employee will be evaluated for regular employment.
The standards for evaluation include job orientation.
The standards for evaluation include job description and the agreed Key Performance Indicators.
The standards for evaluation include a record of violation of National University rules and regulations.
The standards for evaluation include attendance and tardiness record.
The standards for evaluation include recommendation of immediate superior.
A probationary employee may be terminated for just cause.
A probationary employee may be terminated for failure to qualify as a permanent employee in accordance with the prescribed National University standards.
The prescribed National University standards are communicated to the teaching employee.
Termination of a probationary employee can be done anytime during the period of probation.
The faculty shall be notified within seven days after the end of the employment contract of its renewal.
In the absence of the written notice, the contract is deemed expired.
A regular teaching appointment is given to a faculty member who has satisfactorily met the requirements and performance standards of National University.
A regular teaching appointment is given to a faculty member who has complied with the National University policies and procedures, rules and regulations, administrative practices, and requirements.
A regular teaching appointment is given to a faculty member who has good physical and mental health as certified by the National University Physician.
A regular teaching appointment is given to a faculty member who has passed and completed at least five consecutive terms of probationary period of employment.
A regular teaching appointment is given to a faculty member who has been recommended by the immediate superior.
A regular teaching appointment is given to a faculty member who has been endorsed by the Campus Head for approval of the President.
A regular teaching appointment is given to a faculty member who has been granted regular status by the President, if required.
The implementation of regular appointment shall be as follows.
Probationary faculty who satisfy the minimum requirements may be recommended for regularization on the 3rd term of probationary period.
The immediate superior shall commence the evaluation of the candidate and submit his/her recommendation to the Human Resources.
Probationary faculty who fail to meet the minimum requirements shall continue with the probationary status until the 8th term.
After the 8th term, the faculty shall be appointed as a part-time faculty.
The faculty shall not be endorsed by the Dean as a full-time faculty until the minimum requirements are met.
HR reviews the employment and performance records of the candidate.
The employment and performance records of the candidate include attendance, evaluative records, compliance to policies, rules, and regulations.
If cleared, HR forwards the regularization documents to the Campus Head for approval.
The teaching employee shall receive an appointment/notice from the HR Office to formally regularize the status of employment.
The Conforme of the employee is necessary for the appointment to take effect.
A teaching employee on regular status adheres to the following terms of employment.
A teaching employee renders at least forty hours of work per week.
A teaching employee receives a monthly salary based on existing government regulations and National University rules and standards.
A teaching employee has no other remunerative occupation elsewhere.
A teaching employee is granted benefits and compensation according to National University standards.
A teaching employee attends the annual orientation and re-orientation program scheduled before the opening of each new academic year.
A teaching employee abides by all the rules and regulations, policies, and procedures of National University as stipulated in this Manual and other institutional policies.
A contractual appointee is engaged under the conditions of a contract to work for National University only for a fixed and limited period.
The completion or termination of the contractual appointment has been determined at the time of employment.
The contractual appointment covers part-time faculty, substitute, consultant, special lecturer, and adjunct faculty.
Contractual appointees are not entitled to benefits except those expressly provided by law and those stated in the signed contract.
The employment of contractual appointees shall cease on the date specified in the contract without need for further notice.
Any extension of the contractual appointment must be advised by the immediate supervisor to HR within ten days prior to the contract’s expiration.
The employment of faculty is classified into the following categories: Full-time (Contractual Non-Regular, Probationary and Regular) Faculty Member, Part-time Faculty Member, Substitute Faculty Member, Special Lecturer, Consultant, and Adjunct Faculty.
A full-time faculty member is one who devotes not less than forty hours of work a week.
The definition of work hours may be defined by the University.
A full-time faculty member has a full load assignment of 24 teaching hours per work week.
A full-time faculty member has no other remunerative occupation elsewhere requiring regular hours.
A full-time faculty member is not teaching in any other school.
A full-time faculty member is paid a monthly salary based on the regular teaching load as provided for in existing policies, rules, and standards of the government and the University.
A full-time faculty member has been formally appointed as a full-time faculty member.
A full-time faculty member may either be regular, probationary, or contractual non-regular.
Regular employment shall be granted to full-time faculty members who have satisfied certain criteria.
A full-time faculty member must have served the University as a full-time faculty for a maximum of three consecutive years or nine terms without interruption.
A faculty member may be granted regular appointment subject to conditions stated in Chapter 3, Section 2.2.2.1, and Section 7.1.
A full-time faculty member must be competent as evaluated by the Dean and students.
A full-time faculty member must be a master’s degree holder prior to regularization.
A full-time faculty member must not have violated University policies, rules and regulations, administrative practices, and requirements.
A full-time faculty member must be of good health as certified by the University physician.
A full-time faculty member must have been formally recommended by the Campus Academic Head as a regular faculty member.
A full-time faculty member must be appointed by the University President as a regular faculty member.
A full-time faculty member must devote not less than forty hours a week to the University.
A full-time faculty member is assured of a full-time teaching load.
A probationary faculty is a full-time employee whose regular status is not yet granted by the University.
Probationary employment is temporary and will end on the expiry date of the contract.
In the case of expiry of the contract, the employer-employee relationship is terminated.
Renewal of probationary employment is solely based on management discretion and prerogative.
The Dean evaluates the teacher’s credentials and performance.
The Dean recommends the faculty to the Campus Academic Head for the continuance or termination of full-time employment.
A probationary teacher who has yet to complete his/her graduate degree after the probationary period shall be reverted to part-time status.
The HR provides the list of faculty members for regularization.
The HR verifies the completion of the qualifications of faculty members.
The HR prepares the Personnel Action Notice (PAN).
A contractual faculty is a full-time faculty member.
A contractual faculty member is hired on a fixed term basis.
A contractual faculty member is not probationary in nature.
The total continuous employment of a contractual faculty member should not exceed six (6) terms.
The total continuous employment of a contractual faculty member should not exceed two (2) academic years.
The engagement of a contractual faculty member shall not ripen to regular employment.
The engagement of a contractual faculty member is limited to practicing professionals.
Practicing professionals include architects, lawyers, engineers, optometrists, Certified Public Accountants, dentists, and other similar professions.
A Part-Time Faculty member is a temporary employee.
A Part-Time Faculty member is appointed for a specific period.
The employment of a Part-Time Faculty member extends only to the period for which the Part-Time Faculty member was appointed.
The services of a Part-Time Faculty member shall automatically end as specified in the contract.
A Part-Time Faculty member is contracted on a term basis to teach depending on the exigencies and needs of the University.
A Part-Time Faculty member is paid on an hourly basis.
A Part-Time Faculty member may be currently employed by the government or in a private firm.
A Part-Time Faculty member may be engaged in an extensive private practice.
A Part-Time Faculty member is not considered for tenure or regularization.
A Substitute faculty member is appointed to take the place of another faculty member.
A Substitute faculty member is appointed during the temporary absence of another faculty member.
The appointment of a Substitute faculty member shall automatically end on the term or period stated in the appointment.
The appointment of a Substitute faculty member shall automatically end upon the return of the absent faculty member.
A Special Lecturer, Consultant, or Adjunct Faculty is a specialist or a technical expert.
A Special Lecturer, Consultant, or Adjunct Faculty is invited to teach at the University.
A Special Lecturer, Consultant, or Adjunct Faculty is governed by separate contracts of employment.
A Special Lecturer, Consultant, or Adjunct Faculty shall be appointed as Special Lecturer, Consultant, or Adjunct Faculty.
The appointment of a Special Lecturer, Consultant, or Adjunct Faculty is not considered for tenure or regularization.
All Administrative Support Personnel being hired to fill in vacant positions shall be initially issued a Probationary Contract.
The Probationary Contract is the period when an employee’s performance is evaluated.
The capability and suitability for the position is assessed on the basis of the National University’s performance standards.
The probationary employee is subject to the following conditions.
The probationary employee must undergo a maximum of six months of continuous service as provided by law to prove he/she is acceptable for the position.
The six months of continuous service serves as an opportunity for the probationary employee to determine whether he/she fits the job.
The probationary employee is subject to all National University policies, rules, and regulations.
The probationary employee is not entitled to any benefit granted to Regular employees.
The length of absence incurred by the personnel during the probationary period shall not necessarily extend the six-month mandatory probationary period.
The 'No work, no pay' policy is applied to probationary employees.
The probationary employee is subject to a monthly performance evaluation by the immediate superior.
National University shall use a Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) as an instrument to measure the performance of the probationary employee.
The candidate for regularization should achieve at least a rate of Meets Expectation (ME).
On the 5th month of probationary appointment, the immediate superior evaluates the probationary employee.
The immediate superior recommends either the continuation or termination of employment.
National University, through the Human Resource Unit, shall inform the probationary employee of the standards by which he/she will be evaluated for regular employment.
The standards for evaluation include job orientation.
The standards for evaluation include job description and the agreed Key Performance Indicators.
The standards for evaluation include a record of violation of National University rules and regulations.
The standards for evaluation include attendance and tardiness record.
The standards for evaluation include the recommendation of the immediate superior.
A probationary employee may be terminated for just cause.
A probationary employee may be terminated for failure to qualify as a permanent employee in accordance with the prescribed National University standards.
The termination of a probationary employee can be done anytime during the period of probation.
If the probationary employee is not recommended for continuance of employment, the Human Resource Unit will issue a written notice of end of contract at least fifteen days before the contract’s expiration.
In the absence of the written notice of end of contract at the end of the contract of employment, the contract is deemed automatically renewed.
A regular appointment is given to an employee who has satisfactorily met the requirements and performance standards of National University.
A regular appointment is given to an employee who has complied with the National University policies and procedures, rules and regulations, administrative practices and requirements.
The National University policies and procedures include a policy on tardiness and attendance and a dress code, among others.
A regular appointment is given to an employee who is in good physical and mental health as certified by the National University Physician.
A regular appointment is given to an employee who has passed and completed the six (6) month probationary period of employment.
A regular appointment is given to an employee who has been recommended by the immediate superior.
A regular appointment may be endorsed by the Vice President or the Office for approval of the President.
A regular appointment is granted regular status by the President, if required.
The implementation of regular appointment shall be as follows.
Within the 60 days before the end of the probationary period or on or before the 5th month of the probationary period, the immediate superior shall commence the evaluation of the candidate.
The immediate superior submits his recommendation to the Human Resources (HR).
HR reviews the employment and performance records of the candidate.
The employment and performance records of the candidate include attendance, evaluative records, and compliance to policies, rules and regulations.
HR forwards the regularization documents to the Vice President of the Unit where the concerned employee is assigned for recommending approval.
The recommended employee will receive an appointment/notice from the HR Office to formally regularize the status of employment.
The Conforme of the employee is necessary for the appointment to take effect.
An employee on regular status adheres to the following terms of employment.
An employee on regular status renders at least eight (8) hours of work per day.
An employee on regular status is paid monthly based on existing government regulations and National University rules and standards.
An employee on regular status has no other remunerative occupation elsewhere.
An employee on regular status is granted benefits and compensation according to National University standards.
An employee on regular status attends the annual orientation and re-orientation program scheduled before the opening of each new academic year.
An employee on regular status has to abide by all the rules and regulations, policies and procedures of National University as stipulated in this Manual.
A contractual appointee is engaged under the conditions of a contract to work for National University only for a fixed and limited period of time.
The completion or termination of the contract for a contractual appointee has been determined at the time of employment.
The coverage includes temporary, casuals, consultants, substitutes, project-based non-teaching employees and the like.
Contractual appointees are not entitled to benefits except those expressly provided by law.
Contractual appointees are not entitled to benefits that are stated in the signed contract.
The employment of contractual appointees shall cease on the date specified in the contract.
The cessation of employment for contractual appointees does not require further notice.
Any extension of the employment of contractual appointees must be advised by the immediate supervisor to Human Resources within ten (10) days prior to the contract’s expiration.
All contractual appointments are for no more than five (5) months at a time.
Contractual appointments may be made subject to the duration of the specific project timeline.
The Recruitment and Selection process shall cover all employees of National University.
The Recruitment and Selection process covers both non-teaching and teaching personnel.
The Recruitment and Selection process also covers contractual employees.
The Recruitment and Selection process for executive posts may be slightly different.
The Recruitment and Selection process for executive posts must be conducted by any of the President’s Council members if needed.
Members of the University community are prohibited from directly influencing the University employment of a University member with whom they have a personal relationship.
Members of the University community are prohibited from directly influencing the academic progress of a University member with whom they have a personal relationship.
The policy may be invoked where there is no direct influence on employment or academics.
The policy may be invoked where the relationship has a negative impact on the educational or work environment.
Vacant positions shall be filled by external candidates only after considering qualified applicants from within National University.
Recruitment can be done through internal applications or external applications.
Internal applications shall be prioritized over external applications.
External applications will be considered in the absence of any internal application or qualified personnel.
The internal job posting can be made simultaneously or ahead of the external job posting.
The Recruitment and Selection process for the required personnel shall follow specific steps.
The Human Resources unit conducts recruiting, screening, hiring, and contracting of qualified applicants for all Units in National University.
The Unit shall submit an approved Manpower Request Form (MRF) to Human Resources.
Human Resources shall commence its services for the requesting unit only after the receipt of the Manpower Request Form.
If there is no Manpower Request Form, then Human Resources is not compelled to conduct screening for the Unit.
Requisition shall depend on the need of the Unit.
The Unit may require personnel due to a replacement of a resigned personnel.
The Unit may require additional manpower due to the workload.
In case of additional manpower, the requesting unit shall submit a complete Job Description of the personnel required along with the Manpower Request Form.
The Job Description serves as a reference for Human Resources in the recruitment process.
The Manpower Request Form shall be signed by any Division Head, Executive Director, Vice President, or President as the case requires.
Upon receipt of the MRF, recruitment begins by sourcing from interested employees.
Recruitment sources include an existing database of active applicants.
Recruitment sources include placement bureaus of other colleges and universities.
Recruitment sources include referrals from Deans and employees.
Recruitment sources include online sources.
Recruitment sources include job postings.
Recruitment sources include bulletin boards.
The applicant is asked to submit a valid and currently updated Curriculum Vitae (CV) or Resume.
The Screening Form will be attached to the submitted CV or resume.
The Screening Form will be used to initiate the process.
If the applicant is qualified based on the initial qualifications set in the MRF submitted by the requesting Unit, then the applicant is scheduled for an initial interview.
HR will coordinate with the concerned SM Group Office or affiliates for any applications from their current employees.
The HR conducts the preliminary interview with the applicants.
The HR checks the qualifications of the applicants based on their submitted Curriculum Vitae (CV) or resume.
The HR checks the qualifications of the applicants based on the requirements set forth in the MRF.
Qualified applicants may be advised to take appropriate tests.
The tests may include an IQ test.
The tests may include a personality test.
The tests may include other initial tests required whenever applicable in the prescribed testing area.
The tests will be administered by the HR Recruitment staff.
After the tests, HR will endorse to the requesting Unit at least three qualified applicants.
The qualified applicants will be ranked accordingly based on adherence to the requirements set in the MRF.
The qualified applicants will be ranked accordingly based on educational qualification.
The qualified applicants will be ranked accordingly based on work experience.
The qualified applicants will be ranked accordingly based on personal competency.
The qualified applicants will be ranked accordingly based on seminars and trainings.
The qualified applicants will be ranked accordingly based on community service.
The qualified applicants will be ranked accordingly based on honors, awards, and distinctions.
The qualified applicants will be ranked accordingly based on overall impression from the interview.
The qualified candidates go into a second interview conducted by the requesting Unit Director or Head.
The second interview is to determine the best candidate fit for the vacancy.
The second interview probes into the candidates' background, competencies, attitudes, and career plans.
The results of the second interview are reflected in the assessment section of the Screening Form.
The Screening Form should be returned to HR within the day after the interview.
An interview by the requisitioning party may proceed even before the psychological and skills tests when deemed necessary.
The interview before the tests is only done on urgent and immediate requirements.
The interview before the tests requires immediate processing.
The interview before the tests is subject to the approval of the HR Senior Director.
All teaching applicants shall undergo a teaching demo.
The teaching demo shall be arranged by the Dean or Program Chair.
The panel for the teaching demo shall be composed of two representatives from the college/school.
The panel for the teaching demo shall be composed of one representative from HR.
A separate Teaching Demo sheet shall be given for each teaching applicant.
The requesting Unit Director or Dean selects from among those interviewed for endorsement for final recommendation and approval.
All the documents of the applicants together with the remarks for recommendation of the applicant shall be submitted back to HR within the day after the interview.
HR will conduct a background check to determine acceptability for employment.
HR will contact referrals for information about character, qualifications, and potentials.
If there are constraints in conducting the reference check prior to hiring, the reference check must be completed within sixty (60) days from the start of the probationary period.
Further screening of applicants shall be conducted to determine conditions such as nepotism.
There shall be no existing blood relative up to the third degree of consanguinity/affinity, regardless of status.
No applicant below 18 years old shall be considered.
Physical and mental fitness of applicants shall be assessed.
The Hiring Form, together with the applicant’s folder containing all relevant documents, shall be submitted for signing and approval.
The relevant documents include the application letter, resume, tests and interview results, and other credentials.
The HR Campus Leads, AVP for Human Resource, and Vice President or Executive Director shall sign and approve the Hiring Form.
Once signed, the applicant shall be endorsed for the preparation of the Job Order, Employment Contract, and Job Description.
The Hiring and Onboarding process will commence immediately after the endorsement.
HR shall complete the hiring process within thirty (30) working days or earlier as required for faculty and rank and file vacancies.
HR shall complete the hiring process within forty-five (45) working days for supervisory vacancies.
HR may partner with a third-party recruitment agency for Executive posts, hard-to-fill positions, and off-shore campuses.
National University shall hire employees based on academic qualifications, competence, character, and moral fitness.
Employees should be driven, creative, enthusiastic, and open to imbibe the core values of National University.
Employees shall be placed in positions that will make the best use of their skills and competencies.
The career of employees in National University shall be developed through continuous training.
National University shall provide employees opportunities for advancement.
Preference shall be given to qualified candidates who intend to pursue a long-term career with the National University.
The National University prohibits hiring of relatives up to the third degree of consanguinity/affinity.
The relatives prohibited from hiring include parent, child, spouse, brother, sister, stepparent, stepbrother, stepsister, stepchild, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, grandchild, grandparents, cousins, nephew, and niece.
The prohibition applies to currently employed faculty and staff, regardless of their employment status.
Any misdeclaration or misrepresentation, omission, or commission by a prospective employee during the hiring process shall be sufficient ground for termination and invalidation of the employment contract.
Only the President and executive officers may allow hiring of relatives in exceptional cases.
Newly hired Foreign Teaching and Administrative Support Personnel shall coordinate with the HR Office and government agencies in the Philippines prior to proceeding with the onboarding or deployment for the issuance of a working visa and/or applicable work-related permit.
The final interview will involve the HR discussing the Job Offer, Job Description, and the Employment Contract terms and conditions with the selected candidates.
The selected candidates shall be asked if they accept the package/job offer and sign the employment contract as proof of acceptance of employment in the National University.
After the newly hired personnel has signed the employment contract, the HR gives the Pre-Employment Checklist and commences the Hiring and Onboarding Process.
The Pre-Employment Checklist contains the documents needed to be submitted to HR and the steps to undertake for the selected candidates.
The Pre-Employment Checklist shall be given to the personnel within five days prior to the official start of work.
Upon endorsement by the HR, the VP/Executive Director and/or President signs the employment contract.
The notarized contract is distributed to the new employee and the other original copy is placed in the 201 file within five days after the official start of employment.
Other pertinent forms, such as BDO/ChinaBank ATM Debit Card form and ID Information Forms, shall be given to the employee together with the Pre-Employment Checklist.
The newly hired personnel should accomplish the forms given.
The new hire shall be asked to go to the Health Services Unit (Clinic) as part of the Onboarding Process.
The new hire shall undergo a physical, medical, and dental check-up with the National University physician and dentist.
The Information Technology and Systems Office (IT SO) is responsible for registering in the Biometrics for timekeeping purposes.
The Information Technology and Systems Office (IT SO) is responsible for ID picture taking and preparation.
The Information Technology and Systems Office (IT SO) is responsible for official email and username preparation for the NU Information System.
Human Resources (HR) is responsible for submitting all pertinent documents as required by National University.
Personnel must complete the required documents before the issuance of the BDO/ChinaBank ATM Debit Card.
Selected candidates shall undergo the best possible orientation program to welcome them into the National University community.
Policies shall be introduced to new employees aimed at infusing positive feelings towards National University.
Policies shall be introduced to new employees aimed at infusing positive feelings towards their current positions.
Policies shall be introduced to new employees aimed at infusing positive feelings towards career potential with National University.
Human Resources (HR) shall conduct an initial orientation for the new employee on the first day of work.
The Vision, Mission, Core Values, policies, and benefits will be discussed during the initial orientation.
The employee shall be asked to read and understand the contents of this Manual.
All new employees must attend a comprehensive Orientation Program Seminar when scheduled.
After reading the Manual, the employee will be asked to sign the Acknowledgment Receipt for the Manual.
After reading the Manual, the employee will be asked to sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement.
Human Resources (HR) shall provide the forms and documents on or before the 1st day of work.
The new hire shall undergo a campus familiarization tour.
The new hire shall be introduced to the different Offices and Unit Heads before being endorsed to the employee’s Unit.
Upon finishing the Orientation Program, the new hire shall be endorsed to the requesting Unit as the final part of the Onboarding Process.
In the Unit, the Job Description and the expectations towards the position and employee shall be discussed.
Human Resources (HR) for Recruitment shall primarily manage preparations of all employment contracts.
The contracts that are applicable to employees include a Probationary Employment Contract for Full-time Faculty Members and Administrative Support Personnel.
The contracts that are applicable to employees include an Employment Contract for regularization.
The contracts that are applicable to employees include a Personnel Action Notice for regularization.
The contracts that are applicable to employees include a Contractual Full-Time Employment Agreement for Non-Regular faculty.
The contracts that are applicable to employees include a Contractual Employment Contract for Part-time Faculty Members.
The contracts that are applicable to employees include an Adjunct Faculty Contract.
The contracts that are applicable to employees include a Project-based Employment Contract for Administrative Support Personnel.
The contracts that are applicable to employees include a Consultancy Contract.
A new hire shall receive a contract duly signed by the President.
The contract shall state the job titles, duties, responsibilities, employment status, terms, and conditions of employment.
All contracts are bilateral.
Contracts cannot be rescinded except by mutual agreement or for grave cause.
Acceptance of a contract means the acceptance of all official statements of the National University.
Acceptance of a contract also means the acceptance of policies, rules, and regulations embodied in the contract and in the Employee Manual.
No newly hired employee shall be required to begin work without an employment contract.
If an employee is required to immediately report for work due to the necessity of urgency, a contract shall be issued within three working days.
Any substantial misrepresentation of facts considered essential by the National University shall be deemed sufficient reason for immediate dismissal of an employee.
Essential facts include degrees held, marital status, past or present membership in subversive organizations, and general reputation.
The probationary, contractual, and project-based employment contract is valid only for the period stated in the agreement signed by the employee or teaching personnel.
The employment contract shall be automatically terminated on its date of expiration without need for further notice.
National University reserves the right to exercise its sole discretion and prerogative in renewing the contract based on availability of loads.
National University may renew employment for satisfactory performance.
Satisfactory performance is based on dependability, efficiency, initiative, positive attitude towards work, students, employer, and its officers and employees.
Satisfactory performance is also based on student positive evaluation, judgment, punctuality, quality, quantity of work, potential, and professionalism.
The Human Resource Office keeps all personnel files of National University employees, faculty, and other personnel on a permanent and confidential basis.
An employee’s file contains basic information about the employee's employment.
The file includes certain personal data that are subject to change such as address, telephone number, civil status, and number of dependents.
Employees should report changes in personal data promptly to the Human Resources Director.
Changes in personal data may affect the employee’s withholding tax exemptions and the coverage of certain benefits.
An updated home address and/or telephone number can help the National University reach the family in case of emergency.
It is the employee’s obligation to update personal data and information every term or year of employment.
It is the employee’s responsibility to submit documents to the HR for any upgrade of qualifications.
Upgrades of qualifications include completing a training course, degree program, or passing a qualifying examination.
Upgrades of qualifications are necessary when additional assignments, promotions, and salary adjustments are being considered.
Data privacy shall be upheld in National University.
Employee personnel files (201 Files) are the property of National University.
Employee personnel files do not belong to the employee.
The HR will provide copies of the employee's file, documents, and performance evaluation results.
Physical files are kept for a 10-year period.
Scanned copies are kept in perpetuity.
These guidelines refer to the employment classification and status changes.
Employment classification and status changes may be as follows: From Probationary to Regular.
The change from the status of probationary to regular appointment for faculty members shall follow the guidelines and conditions below.
Only probationary full-time faculty members can be subject for regularization as teaching staff.
All probationary full-time faculty who have successfully rendered nine continuous terms are considered regular faculty members.
The minimum requirements for faculty regularization are as follows:
A faculty member must have rendered a minimum of three continuous terms to a maximum of five continuous terms.
A faculty member must have completed a master’s degree.
A faculty member must have received a rating of at least four or Meets Expectation (ME) in all SPES records.
A faculty member must have received an average OTE Rating of 4.51 during the probationary period.
A faculty member should not get a score lower than 4.51 in any evaluation.
A faculty member must have produced at least one Scopus-indexed research during the probationary period.
The published research should include National University, Philippines as the official institution.
A faculty member must be endorsed by the College Dean or Academic Director.
All probationary full-time faculty members who met items 7.1.3.b to d on the 5th term of continuous engagement but failed to meet item 7.1.3.e may only be engaged for another three terms.
Failure to meet the minimum educational requirements on the 7th term of continuous engagement may result in termination of the full-time probationary contract.
The change from probationary to regular employment status shall be in the form of Personnel Action Notice (ADM-HR-F-015).
The most recent hiring date of rehired teaching staff shall be the basis for any retirement computations or service award.
The change from the status of probationary to regular appointment for administrative support personnel shall follow the guidelines and conditions below.
The change from the status of probationary to regular appointment shall follow the guidelines and conditions set forth in Section 2, items 2.4.2.1 and 2.4.2.2.
In cases when a contractual appointee decides to engage himself/herself to the employment of the National University anytime during the duration of his contract, the change of his/her status from Contractual to Probationary shall be subject to the following guidelines.
The immediate supervisor of the contractual employee has initiated the request to Human Resources and submitted a Manpower Request Form endorsing the contractual employee for the post.
Upon approval of the Manpower Request Form, Human Resources can prepare the Personnel Action Notice Form.
Upon receipt of the Personnel Action Notice Form, Human Resources shall discuss the possibilities with the concerned employee.
Once the concerned employee agrees, Human Resources shall prepare the Probationary Employment Contract for signing by the concerned employee.
The change of status from part-time to full-time teaching personnel shall be subject to the submission of the intent letter and approval of the Campus Academic Head based on the recommendation of the Dean due to the faculty’s outstanding teaching performance.
The faculty should comply with the basic requirements for the Teaching Personnel.
The full-time faculty may apply for part-time status if the faculty is not able to complete a master’s degree or the teaching load is insufficient to have the status of a full-time faculty.
Administrative Support Personnel and Officials who wish to leave their current post to become full-time faculty may submit a request for transfer.
The request for transfer from Administrative Support Personnel to full-time faculty is considered an employee-initiated transfer which is temporary in nature.
The employee may request a permanent transfer subject to approval.
All Officials shall be subject to the faculty ranking system.
The faculty ranking system follows its usual process and guidelines to determine the official’s faculty rank.
Human Resources will provide the initial faculty rank based on the employee’s submitted documents for the 201 file.
The deliberated and approved Faculty Ranking Paper shall be presented to the concerned employee for the employee's conforme.
There will be no change in salary and benefits for all temporarily transferred Administrative Support Personnel or Officials to Faculty rank during the approved duration of transfer.
The temporary transfer may be for a minimum of one (1) and maximum of three (3) continuous terms.
The temporary transfer will be supported by the Personnel Action Notice (ADM -HR-F-015).
The following will be the basis for approval of transfer: complete submission of all requirements in reference to faculty rank.
The following will be the basis for approval of transfer: no unexpunged disciplinary action.
The following will be the basis for approval of transfer: transfer request is endorsed by the Immediate Head, Division Vice President, Executive Vice President, or Executive Director.
The following will be the basis for approval of transfer: approved manpower requirement in Academics.
The following will be the basis for approval of transfer: identified personnel to cover the post temporarily vacated or any management plans to ensure business continuity with the absence of the current incumbent.
The concerned College Deans will facilitate the encoding of the teaching load of Administrative Support Personnel or Officials in the National University Information System (NUIS).
After the duration of transfer, the employee may opt to file another request for transfer.
The request for transfer will be subject to usual approvals.
All transfer of Regular Fulltime Faculty to a University Official post may be facilitated through management-initiated transfer.
Any salary adjustment will be based on appropriate job rank and will be subject to usual approvals.
All details of transfer including the duration, if applicable, will be reflected in the Personnel Action Notice (ADM -HR-F-015).
The duration of transfer may be in reference to any corporate plans.
If the Official opts to return as a Faculty Member, the Official may submit a letter of intent.
The letter of intent is subject to usual approvals including availability of manpower/headcount.
Re-hiring of faculty may be accommodated, provided the faculty had no disciplinary action upon separation from National University.
Attainment of a master’s degree is a requirement to qualify for full-time probationary status.
If the faculty does not attain a master’s degree, the faculty may be rehired as part-time faculty only.
The requirements for re-hired faculty regularization are as follows: rendered a minimum of three (3) and maximum of six (6) continuous terms.
The requirements for re-hired faculty regularization are as follows: received a rating of at least four (4) or Meets Expectation (ME) in all SPES records.
The average OTE Rating received during the probationary period was 4.51.
An employee should not get a score lower than 4.51 in any evaluation.
At least one Scopus-indexed research was produced during the probationary period.
The published research should include National University – Philippines as the official institution.
National University achieves its goals by assigning the most qualified people in the most suitable position.
National University ensures that qualified employees move across the organization.
National University ensures that qualified employees move up the organizational ladder.
The movement of employees is intended to draw out the best competencies from them.
A department’s supervisor or the employee concerned may request for transfer when a lateral movement of an employee is necessary.
The transfer must be covered by an approved Manpower Requisition Form.
The transfer must be covered by a Request for Lateral Transfer Form.
The employee must meet the job specifications for the transfer.
The employee’s immediate superior must endorse the transfer.
The receiving department head must be amenable to the transfer.
It is management’s prerogative to place employees in a position where they are deemed effective and efficient in the organization.
Management reserves the right to promote any personnel upon very satisfactory performance.
The personnel upon promotion shall enjoy the benefits and salary adjustment of the position assigned.
Promotion to a higher position may be upon application by the employee.
Promotion to a higher position may be upon endorsement of the immediate superior or Unit Director.
The application or endorsement for promotion shall be made immediately once a post is announced open.
Seniority is not a factor to be considered in promotion.
The commensurate abilities and proven performance of the employee are considered in promotion.
The HR Campus Lead informs the employee about the promotion.
The HR Campus Lead hands over the appointment through the Personnel Action Notice Form.
HR adjusts the NU system based on the employee movement.
A regular Faculty who wishes to change status to non-teaching personnel must resign from his/her current position.
A regular Administrative Support Personnel who wishes to change status to faculty must resign from his/her current position.
The employee shall formally apply for the faculty or non-teaching position.
The employee shall be considered a new applicant covered by CHED rules and directives.
Every faculty member of National University is appointed to a specific faculty rank.
Each faculty rank describes the criteria for advancement.
In some instances, the faculty rank reflects the professional and academic achievement expected of faculty in various roles.
The faculty ranking matrix is used as an instrument to evaluate the rank of the faculty.
Annex B is the 2023 Faculty Ranking System.
The faculty rank and promotion cover all teaching positions involved in instruction, research, and community extension activities of National University.
Faculty members should fill out the application form for academic ranking, except for newly hired teaching personnel.
Faculty members should prepare and submit the necessary documents for academic ranking purposes.
The Faculty Services Office validates all submitted documents.
Original documents must be presented to the Faculty Services Office for authenticity verification.
All photocopied documents are stamped, signifying authenticity upon presenting the original copy.
The Faculty Services Office prepares the evaluation of faculty rank.
The Faculty Services Office schedules and presents the faculty rank evaluation to the Faculty Ranking Committee for deliberation.
The Faculty Ranking Committee validates the faculty rank evaluation.
The Faculty Ranking Committee formally recommends to Human Resources and the Campus Head the results of the conduct of faculty ranking.
Human Resources endorses the ranking results to the Campus Head for the approval of recommended academic rank.
Human Resources informs the Payroll Office of the salary adjustment of faculty based on the list of newly approved faculty ranks.
The Campus Head approves the academic rank recommended and endorsed by the Faculty Ranking Committee and Human Resources.
The Faculty Ranking Policy includes guidelines for newly hired faculty members.
Newly hired faculty members are ranked upon hiring.
Newly hired faculty members not immediately ranked are given the lowest faculty rank of Instructor 1 or Lecturer 1 as temporary faculty rank.
Instructor 1 is a rank for academic track, full-time or part-time faculty.
Lecturer 1 is a rank for industry practitioner track.
Once approved, the temporary rank will be changed to the appropriate rank.
The salary will be adjusted commensurate to the approved rank.
Incomplete submitted documents by newly hired faculty members will result in the lowest faculty rank of Instructor 1 or Lecturer 1.
A separate faculty matrix will be used for ranking for the academic track and industry practitioner track.
The regular application for promotion to a higher rank is open every year from May to June for onboard faculty members.
Only applications with complete documents will be considered for ranking deliberation.
Any onboard faculty member may apply for a higher rank provided they satisfy the specific requirements of the rank they are applying for.
The specific requirements for the rank can be found in Annex B 2023 Faculty Ranking System.
A separate faculty matrix will be used for ranking teaching professionals in the academic track and industry professionals in the industry practitioner track.
A faculty member is qualified for promotion by one higher rank per academic year except for faculty members who recently completed a master’s degree or doctoral degree.
A faculty member who completed a master’s degree or doctoral degree in the middle of the term will be re-ranked the next term upon submission of their latest TOR and/or diploma.
The recommendation of the Faculty Ranking Committee is final.
No submission of additional documents of onboard faculty will be accepted after the deliberation.
The promotion of a faculty member to a higher rank shall be recommended by the Faculty Ranking Committee.
The promotion shall be endorsed by HR.
The promotion shall be approved by the Campus Head.
Additional faculty ranking guidelines are stated in Annex B.
Job security is an assurance that an employee has about the continuity of gainful employment for his or her work life.
Job security usually arises from the terms of the employment contract.
Job security is discussed in collective bargaining agreements or other labor legislations that prevent arbitrary termination, layoffs, and lockouts.
National University seeks to provide all regular employees with security of employment consistent with conditions over which it has control.
National University stabilizes employment insofar as practicable through careful planning and balancing of operational requirements.
When fluctuations in personnel requirements occur, National University tries to avoid layoffs by transferring personnel within the institution.
Preference will be given to employees having greater seniority provided those employees have the necessary qualifications.
A University wide Service Awarding is held every year during National University's Foundation Day ceremonies.
All employees, Teaching and Non-teaching, who have rendered 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35 and 40 years of fulltime service are recognized during the Service Awarding.
Commendation awards for exemplary/excellent performance may also be given to deserving employees during the Service Awarding event.
The exemplary/excellent performance award shall be recommended by the Unit Director.
The exemplary/excellent performance award shall be endorsed by the VP or Campus Head.
The exemplary/excellent performance award shall be approved by the President.
The Human Resources Office shall finalize the list of Service Awardees based on specific criteria.
The criteria for Service Awardees include completed full time work engagement with National University and continuous 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35 and 40 years of service as of August 1.
Those employees with completed years of service from August 2 to December 31 of the calendar year shall be included in the list of awardees in the following calendar year.
Service awardees will receive a plaque of recognition and a special token during the awarding ceremony.
The University issues Certificate of Employment (COE) for various purposes including employment, visa processing, financial applications, purchase requirements, and legal reasons if needed.
The issuance of Certificate of Employment is applicable to all active or inactive employees of National University.
A corresponding amount shall be paid by inactive employees who will be requesting a copy of their Certificate of Employment.
The signatories for Certificate of Employment include the Human Resource Senior Director for COE without salary details.
The signatories for Certificate of Employment include the President for COE with salary details.
Work rules and regulations guide and direct everyone to orderly behavior at work.
Work rules and regulations support work ethic.
Work rules and regulations promote a culture of productivity.
Productivity is achieved by the actual presence of the employee during the prescribed working hours.
Attendance at work is a big factor in the furtherance of customer satisfaction.
Attendance at work is reflective of the values that National University promotes among its people.
National University fairly and justly compensates the official presence of the employee consistent with government rules and regulations.
The Human Resources department shall maintain an accurate record of daily attendance.
The record of daily attendance forms the basis of the employee’s corresponding pay during a given period.
Employees shall report for work six days a week.
Employees shall work eight hours a day.
Employees shall work half a day on Saturdays.
The regular work week for employees is Monday to Friday from 8:30 A.M. to 5:30 P.M.
The regular work week for employees on Saturday is from 8:30 A.M. to 12:30 P.M.
Saturday is a fully-paid work day, although it is a four-hour work day.
Unit Heads may, at their discretion, extend work on Saturday when necessary until 5:30 P.M.
Overtime work on a Saturday starts at 5:30 P.M.
During the enrolment and registration period, management has the prerogative to require all Administrative Support Personnel employees to report for work the whole day on Saturday or selected units only.
Whenever seminars, workshops, trainings, and other institutional activities are held on Saturdays, employees are obliged to stay for the entire day.
Employees who do not attend seminars, workshops, trainings, and other institutional activities held on Saturdays shall be marked absent.
Teaching personnel shall report for work according to the class schedule given to them by the Program Chair, Coordinators, or Director.
The class schedule shall be the basis for the computation of the monthly pay for teaching personnel.
A Full-Time Faculty member, whether regular or probationary, is paid based on monthly rates.
A Full-Time Faculty member is expected to render forty (40) residency hours per week.
Fifty-four (54) credit units are taught a year.
The fifty-four (54) credit units are usually divided into 18 credit units per term.
Part-time faculty pay is based on hourly rates.
Part-time faculty pay depends on rank.
Part-time faculty pay is released bi-monthly within the term.
Part-time contracts are on a term basis.
Part-time faculty members shall be paid on the days actually worked.
In the event classes are called off due to force majeure or as declared by the University, there being no work, part-time faculty members shall not be paid for those particular days.
Regular holidays shall be paid according to the provisions of the Labor Code.
All employees shall abide by the work schedule as defined in item 2.1 and 2.2.
National University may allow flexible time for selected employees.
Flexi-time employees are those who, by the nature of their job, necessarily render flexible time.
Employees are required to be present for work during the workday established for them by their supervisors.
Reporting time may vary depending on the need of the Unit and upon approval of the VP of the corresponding Unit.
Maintenance and laboratory personnel have their schedule endorsed by the immediate superior.
Faculty are required to be present for work during the workday established for them by their Dean/Program Chair/Coordinator.
Reporting time for faculty may vary depending on the need of the College/School and upon approval of the Campus Academic Head.
The schedule for maintenance and laboratory personnel is endorsed by the immediate superior.
All duly approved flexitime working hours assignments shall be submitted to the HR for proper referencing and recording prior to implementation.
Middle and upper management may be allowed to have flexitime.
Middle and upper management shall still follow the 8-hour per day work requirement.
Middle and upper management shall be responsible for the output and disposition of work in the Unit under them.
National University reserves the option to change or modify work schedules depending on operational requirements and emergencies.
The immediate superior shall be fully responsible for monitoring the employee’s use of man-hours.
National University Teaching Personnel shall have a scheduled one-time 15 minutes paid break per day.
The Unit Director should assign the personnel a staggered schedule of breaks so the Unit may still be manned, open, and function normally throughout the day.
National University ASP employees shall have a scheduled one-time 15 minutes paid break per day.
The Unit Director should assign the personnel a staggered schedule of breaks so the Unit may still be manned, open, and function normally throughout the day.
All employees are required to take a 60-minute lunch break.
No employee is authorized to perform work during the specified lunch period without prior supervisory approval.
In cases where there are multiple staff in a particular Unit, the Unit Head may assign the personnel a staggered schedule of lunch breaks.
The staggered schedule of lunch breaks allows the Unit to be manned, open, and function normally even during the lunch period.
The policy for lunch or meals is as follows:
Field and Office employee lunch break is 60 minutes.
The lunch period is unpaid.
The Unit Director shall schedule a staggered lunch break period for the people in the Unit for a 1-hour period between 11:00 AM to 2:00 PM depending on the workload of the Unit.
The University created the Health and Safety Committee (HESACom) to ensure work safety and business continuity.
HESACom is in charge of identifying the weekly work arrangement based on external and internal factors.
External Indicators include quarantine status, alert level, and positivity rate based on the Department of Health reported daily census.
Internal Indicators include positive cases of National University employees per campus, specifically Officials and Administrative Support Personnel who are direct hired.
In the event of a Work From Home (WFH) work arrangement, a daily WFH detailed output should be included in the weekly output.
The weekly output should be submitted to the concerned Executive Committee head.
All employees are required to keep a record of hours worked, which is the basis of payment of salary.
All employees, whether Administrative Support Personnel or Teaching Personnel, shall record their attendance through the biometrics finger scanning system.
Data recorded in the biometrics system shall be the basis for payment of salaries and wages.
Each employee must register the time they arrive on campus and the time they leave.
A complete and valid entry for each day contains the following:
Time-in is to record the time of arrival or start of shift.
Time-out is to record the time of departure from work or end of shift.
All employees are expected to adhere to integrity in the recording of the time in and out.
For offenses such as omissions, the employee will receive sanctions.
Each employee must have a valid 'Time in' or 'Time out' entry on the daily time record.
In case either one is missing, the employee must submit a written explanation for not registering the 'Time in' or 'Time out' within twenty-four (24) hours.
The immediate superior certifies the explanation.
On the second omission within a given month, the employee shall be paid equivalent to four hours for the day.
A written warning will be issued after two missed clocks.
On the third and succeeding omissions within a given month, the employee shall be paid equivalent to one hour for each day.
Working days without entries are considered absences.
The policy on leave of absence applies to absences.
In case of power failure, or fortuitous events, or some technical problems with the biometrics machine, the employee shall record their time of arrival and departure by signing in an attendance logbook.
The attendance logbook is located in the respective Colleges or Schools.
Official Business (OB) is work done outside National University to transact business on behalf of the school.
Examples of Official Business include representing National University in conferences, seminars, trainings, events, organization meetings, and CHED meetings.
Official Business also includes all travels by the messenger, liaison, and other personnel tasked to coordinate with other offices in relation to the needs of National University.
The other offices may include the Local Government Unit, SM offices, banks, and other campuses.
A transaction or travel shall be considered official business when duly reported to National University.
An employee who will go on Official Business must apply online two days before the scheduled Official Business.
The application for Official Business must be duly approved online by the immediate superior and noted by HR.
If the employee goes straight out to the place of Official Business, the employee may not log in for the first hour of work in the morning provided the immediate superior approves it.
Logging in and out in the afternoon may be waived if there is not enough time to report back to work.
The attendance of the employee shall be based on the approved Official Business.
If the Official Business takes two or more days, the filing of the Official Business application is five working days from the date of Official Business.
The five working days allow the department ample time to adjust affected work schedules.
Non-compliance to the above requirements shall be construed as an absence or under time on the part of the employee.
For an 'Urgent' need for Official Business, the reason must be stated in the purpose box provided in the form.
In the case of an 'Urgent' Official Business, the Official Business may be filed on the same day.
Any incidental costs occurred during an Official Business representation may be endorsed for reimbursement under the policies set by the Accounting Office.
National University employees are expected to be present for work on time according to their schedule of class/work.
Regular attendance and punctuality are important for the smooth operation of the team and the University as a whole.
Absenteeism causes disruptions and burdens colleagues.
The attendance record is part of the performance evaluation rating.
The attendance record will also be considered for other disciplinary action, including termination.
Employees are expected to report for work on schedule and on time.
Absence is the failure to report for work due to any reason.
Any absence disrupts the smooth flow of work.
Absence unduly increases the burden on the rest of the College/School.
Frequently absenting oneself from work justifies corrective measures.
Excessive absenteeism and/or tardiness will lead to disciplinary action, including termination.
Absence from work for six consecutive days without properly notifying the Dean/Program Chair/Coordinator is considered abandonment of work.
Abandonment of work is subject to dismissal.
Absences due to illness, valid personal reasons, emergencies, or force majeure may be excused as evaluated and approved by the Dean/Program Chair/Coordinator.
The employee must notify the immediate superior by any means on or before the first working hour of the day of the impending absence.
The employee should file the absence under sick leave to be approved by the immediate superior.
If the immediate supervisor is not available, the employee must contact the Human Resources office prior to the start of the workday.
The employee must leave a contact number to enable the supervisor to return the call.
Failure to properly inform the supervisor will result in an unexcused absence.
An unexcused absence is subject to disciplinary measures.
Absence without authorized leave or failure to file an official leave of absence is inexcusable.
Absence without authorized leave shall be charged against the employee's salary.
Each employee is important to the overall success of National University operations.
When an employee is not at their post, someone else must do the job.
Each employee is expected to report for work on time at the scheduled start of the workday.
Reporting for work on time means that an employee is ready to start work, not just arriving at the scheduled starting time.
Habitual tardiness shall adversely affect one’s performance evaluation.
Habitual tardiness shall consequently affect chances of promotion.
Habitual tardiness shall consequently affect salary increases.
Habitual tardiness shall consequently affect continued employment with National University.
Tardiness means reporting for work late or beyond the starting time.
Undertime means abandonment of work before the dismissal time.
Undertime is a violation of the rules on work hours.
The faculty shall fill up an Undertime Authorization Form.
The Undertime Authorization Form shall be duly approved by the immediate supervisor/Director to be considered authorized.
Due to diminished work rendered, the total hours of undertime will be charged against sick leave credits.
The frequency of undertime will be monitored for corresponding sanctions like tardiness.
Tardiness and/or unauthorized undertime with sanction shall mean incurring an aggregate of fifteen (15) minutes or more within a pay period.
Less than 15 minutes of tardiness within a pay period shall have a grace period with no deduction.
Tardiness and/or undertime per pay period of 15 to 29 minutes shall result in thirty (30) minutes deducted from basic salary on the next payroll cut-off.
Tardiness and/or undertime per pay period of 30 to 59 minutes shall result in one (1) hour deducted from basic salary on the next payroll cut-off.
Tardiness and/or undertime per pay period of 1 hour to 1 hour and 30 minutes shall result in one (1) hour and thirty (30) minutes deducted from basic salary on the next payroll cut-off.
Tardiness and/or undertime per pay period of 1 hour and 31 minutes to 2 hours shall result in four (4) hours or equivalent to half day deducted from basic salary on the next payroll cut-off.
Habitual tardiness means incurring four (4) or more tardiness within a pay period.
Habitual tardiness carries disciplinary sanctions.
The schedule of offenses and disciplinary measures for habitual tardiness includes a written warning for the 1st occurrence.
The schedule of offenses and disciplinary measures for habitual tardiness includes a 2nd written warning with a warning of suspension for the 2nd occurrence.
The schedule of offenses and disciplinary measures for habitual tardiness includes a 6 working days suspension for the 3rd occurrence.
The schedule of offenses and disciplinary measures for habitual tardiness includes a 12 working days suspension for the 4th occurrence.
The schedule of offenses and disciplinary measures for habitual tardiness includes dismissal for the 5th occurrence.
A penalty of suspension shall be with the approval of the Vice President for Operations or Executive Director.
A penalty of dismissal shall be approved by the President/CEO.
Occasionally, it may be necessary for an employee to work beyond their normal work hours in a day or week.
Overtime pay is paid only when work is approved and made known in advance by the supervisor.
Under no circumstances shall an employee work overtime without the prior approval of their supervisor.
The computation of overtime compensation shall be based on the government mandated compensation scheme.
A duly approved and authorized work beyond one hour conducted before or after shift/schedule shall be considered overtime work.
Overtime shall not be used to offset tardiness and under time.
Any employee asked to work overtime will be expected to rearrange his/her personal schedule to work the requested overtime.
The immediate superior of the employee shall be responsible for monitoring the overtime work.
The employee should have an Overtime Authorization Form filled out and approved by the immediate supervisor and the Unit Director to be considered for overtime pay.
The Overtime Authorization Form shall be submitted to the HR prior to the cut-off of the pay period to be included in the current pay period.
If the Overtime Authorization Form is not submitted prior to the cut-off of the pay period, it will be included in the next pay period.
Employees who may have tardiness and/or undertime shall not be allowed to render overtime work within the same day unless on urgent and emergency work.
Sundays are normally the designated rest days for employees.
Rest days are not considered paid.
Any work rendered on rest days shall be paid in accordance with the Labor Code.
The immediate superior or Unit Director may require the employee to work on a rest day under certain conditions.
The conditions for requiring an employee to work on a rest day include actual or impending emergencies caused by serious accident, fire, flood, typhoon, earthquake, epidemic or other disaster or calamity to prevent loss of life and property, or imminent danger to the university.
The conditions for requiring an employee to work on a rest day also include urgent work to be performed on machinery, equipment, or installation to avoid serious loss which the employer would otherwise suffer.
The conditions for requiring an employee to work on a rest day also include abnormal pressure of work due to special circumstances and deadlines, where the employer cannot ordinarily be expected to resort to other measures.
National University strictly observes declared holidays and special non-working holidays.
Only authorized employees may report for work during holidays.
Full-time employees will be paid for the holidays worked provided the employee was present on the workday immediately before the holiday or had an approved leave.
If a paid holiday falls within an employee's vacation period, the holiday will not be counted as a vacation leave.
Any work performed during the rest day and holidays shall be subject to just and reasonable compensation as provided for by the Labor Code.
The additional pay shall be applicable to all employees of National University.
In case of inclement weather when there is no explicit announcement that regular office/work is called off, employees may opt to use their emergency vacation leaves.
National University strictly follows government directives, announcements, and declarations during typhoons, calamities, and national emergencies.
The President of National University or his authorized representative shall have sole discretion to declare suspension of work as the local circumstance warrants.
The announcement of suspension of work shall be made through the Human Resources department.
If work is suspended, the Vice President for Operations or Executive Director may request the electrician, plumber, and other positions to report or stay for work.
The electrician, plumber, and other positions shall be paid as provided for by law.
The purpose of the travel policy is to ensure that the travel expense of National University is controlled by establishing certain standards.
Employees must control business travel expense by making sound judgment with respect to the use of University funds.
Travel is an important aspect for carrying out the business of National University.
It is expected from employees that they will follow the Travel Policy of National University.
The travel policy is meant to reimburse the amount spent by an employee when on international, domestic, or short distance travel.
The policy and guidelines include all employees of National University, including teaching and administrative support personnel.
The travel policy includes all local travel, whether land travel or air travel, and international travels.
The travel policy covers short travels to the offices or agencies that employees need to go to for meetings, seminars, conferences, and others.
Non-adherence to the travel policy while on business travel for National University's business shall result in stringent disciplinary action.
Stringent disciplinary action may even lead to termination.
A travel request must be approved before proceeding on any international or domestic travel.
No local or international travel shall be made without prior approval.
Any employee who requires traveling on an official business purpose must get the approval in advance from the Unit Director and/or Executive Director/Vice President of the Unit where the employee belongs.
Any international or domestic travel request must be raised using the Official Business Travel Form.
The Requestee shall agree to follow the travel policy and procedure of National University.
If there is any change in the travel due to any reason and the change is more costly than the approval that has already been taken, a fresh travel request needs to be raised.
The details of the travel must be explained on the travel request form in case there is an exception.
The travel request form needs to be approved by the director of the Unit from which the employee belongs.
The travel request form needs to be approved by the Executive Director of the Unit from which the employee belongs.
The travel request form needs to be approved by the Vice President of the Unit from which the employee belongs.
All employees are expected to travel only to places that are allowed as per the University's guidelines for international and local travels.
No travel ban must have been imposed on the said place for travel to be allowed.
No exception in this regard will be entertained.
The duly approved Travel Request Form shall be sent in hard copy or via email to the Purchasing Unit for the necessary hotel and trip arrangements.
The duly approved Travel Request Form shall be sent in hard copy or via email to the Finance department to get the travel cash advance.
All reservations or bookings for local and international travels will be made by National University through its authorized travel agency.
Food expenses incurred during the travel are allowed only as per the limit of entitlements.
The HR Office shall provide the list of entitlements for food expenses allowable for reimbursement.
The University policy states that expenditure incurred on meals will be reimbursed while the employee is on official business travel.
Expenditure incurred on meals includes breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
If food expenses are taken care of by the client during business travel, only incidental expenses can be claimed.
No expense will be reimbursed for alcoholic beverages.
No expense will be reimbursed for cigarettes.
If an employee gets ill while on business travel, the expenses incurred while taking treatment will be reimbursed on the actual bill and doctor’s prescription.
If the illness lasts for more than 3 days, special approval needs to be taken from the Unit director.
If the illness lasts for more than 3 days, special approval needs to be taken from the Campus Executive Director of the Unit.
The expense report with the travel request submitted to the Finance department must consist of the original boarding pass and travel tickets.
The expense report with the travel request submitted to the Finance department must consist of a complete travel report maintained date-wise.
Any deviation from the travel itinerary shall be approved by the business head or director as applicable.
If an employee wants to combine business stay with personal vacations, it must be duly approved by the Unit Director.
If an employee wants to combine business stay with personal vacations, it must be duly approved by the Campus Executive Director of the Unit.
No reimbursement would happen for any personal expense.
Employees are expected to take the lowest fare while travelling.
The lowest fare can be for car, train, or airplane.
Common sense needs to be applied when considering the lowest travel fare.
The expense must not exceed the amount mentioned in the travel policy.
In case of non-compliance with the travel policy, the extra amount paid will be shouldered by the employee.
It is expected from the employee that the employee will ensure that the hotel room rate is booked and charged as per the University's policy.
Any exception in terms of hotel stay must be approved by the Unit Director before the start of travel.
Any exception in terms of hotel stay must be approved by the Campus Executive Director before the start of travel.
Any exception in terms of hotel stay must be approved by the Vice President of the Unit before the start of travel.
In case there is a change in schedule, the cancellation of the reservation made will be done by referring to the hotel policy on cancellation.
Any kind of travel expenses occurring for a guest or family member will not be reimbursable.
Spouse or guests can share the accommodation provided there is no additional cost to the University.
All expense reports, whether due for liquidation or reimbursement, must be submitted within 15 days of return from a business trip.
If expense reports are delayed for more than 15 days, it will be considered late.
No reimbursement will be made for late expense reports.
The cash advance shall be deducted from the salary of the employee if expense reports are late.
In case the business travel is for more than a month's time, the expense report must be submitted on a weekly basis via email.
The expense report must have the following items: travel request form.
The expense report must have the following items: actual expense bill related to the meal, transportation, etc.
If possible, the employee must also try to submit an expense bill on miscellaneous articles.
Any exception made to the employee must be attached to the expense report.
All the expense payments are made by the finance department.
The expense report along with the bill is submitted to the finance department.
The finance department validates the bills and makes the payment to the employee account.
The HR and Finance Services shall determine the amount of per diem and entitlements of employees on official business travel.
The entitlements and rates shall be subject to adjustments from time to time based on the annual budget.
The University reserves the right to revise or modify any or all clauses of this policy.
The revision or modification of this policy depends upon the demand of the business.
The HR Office shall be the sole authority to interpret the content of this policy.
Chapter 5 is about wage and salary administration.
This chapter deals with the preparation of wages and salaries.
This chapter discusses the components of wages and salaries.
This chapter covers the deductions related to wages and salaries.
This chapter outlines the requirements for wages and salaries.
This chapter describes the procedures to facilitate payment of employees’ earnings.
National University shall ensure accurate determination of wages and salaries.
National University shall ensure prompt disbursement of wages and salaries.
National University shall maintain standards as a guide for appropriate methods of payments.
National University shall maintain administrative procedures involved in wage and salary payments.
The monthly salary/wage and benefits shall be given to the employees twice a month.
The pay dates for employees are every 15th and 30th/31st of each month.
If the payday falls on a holiday, Saturday, or Sunday, payment is made on the preceding workday.
If the payday is the end of the month, payment is made on the last working day of the month.
The cut-off periods for payroll are subject to change as deemed necessary.
The covered period for the 15th day pay date is from the 26th day of the previous month to the 10th of the current month.
The covered period for the 30th/31st day pay date is from the 11th day to the 25th day of the current month.
National University’s centralized hiring policy requires that all wage and salary payments be supported by appointment contracts.
All documents related to wage and salary payments are processed through the Human Resource.
The Human Resource and Payroll Office shall reserve the right not to process the payment for the employee in the absence of proper documents.
No wages or salaries are to be paid through petty cash or revolving funds.
Payroll deductions include compulsory deductions and other deductions by way of authorization.
Deductions from absences without pay shall be computed based on the gross monthly income of the employee.
The mandatory monthly deductions are provided by law.
The mandatory monthly deductions include Withholding Tax.
The mandatory monthly deductions include Social Security System (SSS) Premium.
The mandatory monthly deductions include Pag-IBIG (HDMF) premium.
The mandatory monthly deductions include PhilHealth premium.
The mandatory monthly deductions include other deductions that may be required by the applicable Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA).
All new hires are required to provide the Human Resource with necessary documents to be included in the payroll.
The necessary documents include BIR Application Form 1902 or Form 1905 for updates.
The necessary documents include a photocopy of the Tax Identification Number or BIR ID, if available.
The necessary documents include a photocopy of SSS Membership Record (Form E-1) or SSS digitized ID.
The necessary documents include a photocopy of SSS Member’s Data Change or Addition Report (Form E-4), if applicable.
The necessary documents include a photocopy of PhilHealth ID.
The necessary documents include a certificate of withholding tax from the previous employer (BIR Form 2316).
Each employee must acquire a Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) upon employment.
The Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) is provided by the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) through the National University if it is the first employer.
Each employee must obtain an SSS ID Number by filing SSS Form E-1.
BIR Form 1902 (Formerly Form W-4) and SSS Form E-1 and E-4 are available at the Payroll Office.
Revenue regulations require National University to deduct withholding taxes from the employee’s earnings every payroll period.
The taxes withheld are remitted monthly to the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR).
The taxes withheld are credited towards employees’ respective income taxes for the calendar year.
The amount of tax to be deducted is determined by rates established by the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR).
The amount of tax varies according to the taxpayers’ earnings.
The amount of tax varies according to the taxpayer's personal status.
The amount of tax varies according to the number of the taxpayer's dependents as reflected in the withholding tax exemption certificate (BIR Form 1902).
BIR Form 2316 indicates total gross earnings and total amount of tax withheld for the calendar year.
BIR Form 2316 is available at the Payroll Office shortly after the end of each calendar year.
The law requires that monthly deductions be made from employee’s earnings for Social Security contributions.
The law requires that monthly deductions be made from employee’s earnings for Pag-IBIG contributions.
The law requires that monthly deductions be made from employee’s earnings for PhilHealth contributions.
National University is the employer.
National University contributes corresponding amounts for Social Security, Pag-IBIG, and PhilHealth.
The contributions are remitted monthly to the SSS.
The contributions are remitted monthly to PhilHealth.
The contributions are remitted monthly to Pag-IBIG.
The SSS, PhilHealth, and Pag-IBIG contributions entitle member-employees and their families to a variety of benefits.
Informational brochures about the benefits are available at the Human Resource Office.
Informational brochures about the benefits are available at the Payroll Office.
Other deductions may be made from the employee’s pay upon the employee’s authorization.
Among the other deductions are dues in employee associations or organizations.
Among the other deductions is payment of loans from National University.
Among the other deductions is limited payment of tuition accounts.
Among the other deductions are retirement contributions.
Among the other deductions is SM Savings and Loan contribution.
Among the other deductions is loan payment.
Loan payments to SSS involve mandatory deductions from the employee’s salary.
Loan payments to Pag-IBIG involve mandatory deductions from the employee’s salary.
Retirement contributions involve mandatory deductions from the employee’s salary.
Some other deductions are made at the employee’s request.
National University reserves the right to decide what other deductions may be allowed.
The total deductions should not be more than 40% of the total take home pay of the employee.
National University computes the salary as follows: Regular Monthly Gross Pay.
National University computes the salary as follows: Basic Pay.
National University computes the salary as follows: Other Income.
National University computes the salary as follows: Overtime Pay.
National University computes the salary as follows: Deductions for Day/s Absent.
National University computes the salary as follows: Deductions for Tardiness and Under Time.
National University computes the salary as follows: Withholding Tax.
National University computes the salary as follows: Employee Share for SSS.
National University computes the salary as follows: Employee Share for PhilHealth.
National University computes the salary as follows: Employee Share for Pag-IBIG.
National University computes the salary as follows: SSS Loan Amortization.
National University computes the salary as follows: E-Card Payment.
National University computes the salary as follows: SLA Contribution.
National University computes the salary as follows: Other deductions.
The employee pay shall be computed based on the number of days for a 6-day work week schedule as prescribed by the law.
The computation for the Daily rate as the basis for the pay additions and deductions shall be as follows: Monthly Rate X 12 months = Equivalent Rate per Day divided by 312 days.
The additional pay for overtime and night differential shall be based on the rate prescribed by law.
Overtime Pay for Regular Days shall be calculated as Basic hourly rate X 125%.
Overtime Pay for Rest Days shall be calculated as Basic hourly rate X 130%.
Overtime Pay for Special Holidays shall be calculated as Basic hourly rate X 130% in excess of 8 hours.
Overtime Pay for Legal Holidays shall be calculated as Basic hourly rate X 200%.
Night Differential shall be calculated as Basic hourly rate X 10% from 10pm to 6am.
The computation of the pay of the faculty is based on the credit units.
The Full-time Faculty is assigned twenty-four (24) credit hours of teaching load per term.
The Full-time Faculty is required to render a forty (40) hour work week.
The assignment of additional load/overload to a Full-time Faculty shall not exceed the equivalent of a 6-unit regular teaching load per school year per faculty member.
Overload payment shall be computed as follows: Excess Credit Hours x 13.5 weeks x Overload Rate = Overload Payment.
The Part-time Faculty is assigned the credit units according to the contracted number per term.
The computation of the monthly rate for Part-time Faculty shall be as follows: Rate per hour x number of hours rendered (per cut off) = Semi-Monthly Rate.
There shall be a 'No Work, No Pay' policy for Part-time Faculty.
Tardiness and absences for Part-time Faculty shall be computed based on the hourly rate of the Part-time Faculty.
The payment of salaries and benefits shall be made through BDO ATM Debit Card.
The payment of salaries and benefits shall be made through China Bank ATM Debit Card.
All employees are required to secure their own BDO ATM Debit Card at the onset of their employment.
All employees are required to secure their own China Bank ATM Debit Card at the onset of their employment.
Pay advances are not allowed in any circumstance.
For those who may have payroll adjustment requests, the following must be observed.
Employees must accomplish a Payroll Dispute Form.
Employees must indicate the date of payroll and the amount of deductions.
Employees must attach the pay slip and other pertinent documents/records.
Pertinent documents/records may include OB, Leave form, certifications, etc.
Employees must submit all documents to the HR.
The HR and Payroll Office shall review the claim.
If the complaint is valid, additions and/or deductions shall be made in the pay computation.
Additions and/or deductions shall be released on the next pay day.
Chapter 6 is titled 'Benefits and Privileges'.
This chapter enumerates the benefits and privileges obtained by employees for their work contribution and loyalty to National University.
The benefits and privileges include statutory benefits, government mandated benefits, and National University initiated benefits.
The requisites and procedures to avail of these benefits and privileges are discussed in this chapter.
Section 1 is titled 'Policy Statement'.
National University grants all statutory and government mandated benefits.
National University rewards employees’ loyalty by giving other fringe benefits.
The fringe benefits are intended to take care of employees' family and personal welfare.
Section 2 is titled 'Statutory Benefits'.
The statutory benefits include Social Security System (SSS) coverage.
The statutory benefits include Philippine Health Insurance (Phil Health) Membership.
The statutory benefits include Pag-IBIG/Home Development Mutual Fund (HDMF) Membership.
Section 3 is titled 'Government Mandated Benefits'.
The following are the government mandated benefits that shall be enjoyed by the regular employees of National University.
Paternity Leave of fourteen (14) days is mandated by Republic Act 11210 and Republic Act 8187.
Maternity Leave of one hundred five (105) days is mandated by Republic Act 11210 and paid through the SSS.
Solo Parent Leave of fifteen (15) days is mandated by Republic Act 11210.
AVAWC Leave is granted under Republic Act No. 9262: Anti-Violence Against Women and Their Children Act of 2004.
The Management shall grant victims under the AVAWC Act a paid leave of absence up to ten (10) calendar days.
The paid leave under the AVAWC Act is in addition to other paid leaves under the Labor Code.
The AVAWC Leave is extendible when the necessity arises as specified in the Protection Order.
Special leave for women refers to a female employee’s leave entitlement of two (2) months with full pay from her employer.
The special leave for women is based on the employee's gross monthly compensation following surgery caused by gynecological disorders.
The special leave for women is applicable if the employee has rendered continuous aggregate employment of at least six (6) months for the last 12 months.
The two-month leave for women is in addition to leave privileges under existing laws.
The special leave for women is under Republic Act No. 9710 Magna Carta of Women.
The special leave for women is governed by DOLE Order No. 112-11 (Guidelines governing the implementation of the special leave benefits for women employees in the private sector).
Night Differential pay is 10% from 10:00 P.M. to 6:00 A.M.
Overtime and holiday premium pay are included as benefits.
13th Month Pay is included as a benefit.
The National University shall comply with all the government mandated benefits.
The National University shall grant university benefits to all regular employees.
The university benefits include an Academic Year-End Bonus.
The university benefits include Bereavement Assistance.
The university benefits include Educational Benefits.
The university benefits include a Health Care Maintenance Program.
The university benefits include Leave Credits.
The university benefits include Life and Accident Insurance.
The university benefits include Longevity Pay.
The university benefits include a Medicine Subsidy.
The university benefits include PERAA.
The university benefits include a Rice Subsidy.
The university benefits include a Service Incentive Gift or Loyalty Award.
The university benefits include an SM E-Card (optional).
The university benefits include an SM Hotels Employee Discount.
The university benefits include SM Savings and Loan Association Membership (optional).
The university benefits include an SMDC Special Discount.
The university benefits include a Uniform Allowance.
Employees are entitled to leave credits.
Leave credits can be used for sick leave or vacation leave.
Leave credits are for absences due to actual illness, physical incapacity to work, or vacation/leisure activities.
Leave credits for sick and vacation leave are merged.
The minimum leave credits are 18 days.
The maximum leave credits are 30 days.
Paid leave credits are granted to all regular employees.
Unused leave credits at the end of the calendar year shall be converted to cash based on the set ceiling/maximum.
Upon regularization, employees receive 18 leave credits, which are convertible to 9 cash.
After 1 year of service, employees receive 22 leave credits, which are convertible to 11 cash.
After 2 years of service, employees receive 26 leave credits, which are convertible to 13 cash.
After 3 years of service and above, employees receive 30 leave credits, which are convertible to 15 cash.
Five (5) day Leave Credit shall be reserved for Christmas Break.
A maximum of 10 leave credits converted to cash shall be declared as a de minimis benefit.
The de minimis benefit is not subject to tax.
Leave credits exceeding 10 leave credits and convertible to cash shall be subject to tax deduction.
Extended Quarantine or Isolation period may be filed as leave.
COVID-19 re-infection due to community infection should be filed as leave.
Employees are entitled to sick leaves to make up for absences due to actual illness or physical incapacity to work.
Paid sick leaves are granted to all regular employees.
Paid sick leaves allow regular employees to rest, recuperate, and re-energize.
Paid sick leaves allow regular employees to attend to personal health needs.
Regular full-time employees shall be entitled to sick leave benefit equivalent to a maximum of fifteen (15) calendar days.
The maximum of fifteen (15) calendar days includes the service incentive leave provided by law.
Upon regularization, an employee shall receive nine (9) days of sick leave credits.
Two (2) additional sick leave credits are granted each year after regularization.
The total sick leave credits shall not exceed the maximum of fifteen (15) days.
For new hires whose regularization date of tenure falls in the middle of the year, sick leave credits are pro-rated.
Sick leave credits are pro-rated using the formula: PSL = (NMS x SLC) / (12 months).
In the formula, PSL represents the Pro-rated Sick Leave computation.
In the formula, NMS represents the actual number of months in service within the prescribed period.
In the formula, SLC represents the allotted number of sick leave credits.
Employees who are unable to report for work due to illness should inform their department head or the HR Office.
Employees should inform their department head or the HR Office by any possible means within the day.
Employees should preferably inform their department head or the HR Office an hour before office work.
Employees on sick leave may be subject to house visitation to confirm the veracity of illness.
The employee must submit the online application for sick leave accompanied by a fit to work certification from the National University physician.
The fit to work certification must be submitted within 48 hours upon resumption of work.
The online application for sick leave must also be approved by the immediate supervisor online.
Late filing of sick leave is unacceptable.
Corresponding salary deduction for the absence will be administered for late filing of sick leave.
If the sick leave is more than three days, a medical certificate from the employee’s attending doctor must be presented to the National University doctor.
The National University doctor will issue a ‘fit to work’ certificate.
If the sick leave is more than three days, proof of hospital confinement must be presented to the National University doctor.
Should an employee use up all his/her sick leave credits, succeeding leaves may be charged to vacation leave credits.
Sick leaves are non-cumulative.
Sick leaves are non-commutative.
Unused sick leaves are converted to cash.
Sick leave applications may be rejected for several reasons.
One reason for rejection is if the Department Head or the HR Office is not promptly notified of the absence.
Another reason for rejection is if the application for sick leave is not filed within the prescribed time, which is within 48 hours after reporting back to work.
Another reason for rejection is if the administration proves upon the confirmation of the National University physician or his representative that the employee is not sick, injured, or physically incapacitated to work.
Paid sick leave shall be invalid due to social or venereal diseases unless contracted accidentally.
Paid sick leave shall be invalid due to one’s own criminal or anti-social acts, such as drug addiction, suicide attempt, self-inflicted injury, and similar actions.
If any of the above conditions exist, the sick leave application will not be considered.
If the sick leave application is not considered, it will be taken as Absence Without Official Leave.
Corresponding sanctions may be imposed for Absence Without Official Leave.
Unused sick leave credits at the end of the year shall be convertible to cash the following year.
The conversion of unused sick leave credits to cash is based on the granted number of sick leave with a maximum of 15 days only.
Leave means temporary relief from work by regular employees and regular faculty.
Leave allows regular employees and regular faculty to rest and re-invigorate.
Leave allows regular employees and regular faculty to attend to personal, family affairs, and emergency needs for a specific period.
Leave is subject to management’s review and discretion.
Upon regularization, an employee shall receive nine days of vacation leave credits.
After receiving nine days of vacation leave credits, two additional vacation leave credits are granted each year.
The total vacation leave credits shall not exceed the maximum of fifteen days.
For new hires whose regularization falls in the middle of the year, vacation leave credits will be pro-rated.
Vacation leave credits will be pro-rated in case of resignation or within the prescribed period.
PVL is the Pro-rated Vacation Leave computation.
PVL is calculated using the formula (NMS x VLC) / (12 months).
NMS is the actual number of months in service within the prescribed period.
VLC is the allotted number of vacation leave credits.
Vacation leave benefit is subject to specific regulations.
Application for leave of absence must be filed two days prior to the intended date of leave.
If the application for leave of absence is not filed two days prior, the application will not be considered.
Application for vacation leave of more than three days must be filed one week before the intended date of leave.
If the application for vacation leave of more than three days is not filed one week before, the application will not be considered.
Vacation leave shall not be allowed during registration periods.
Vacation leave shall not be allowed two weeks before the end of each academic session.
Vacation leave may either be half day or whole day leave.
A vacation leave is filed online through NUIS.
A vacation leave must be approved by the immediate superior.
A vacation leave must be approved by the HR.
The immediate head has the sole discretion to determine the needs of the Unit.
The immediate head is authorized to re-schedule or postpone the vacation leave.
The re-scheduling or postponement of vacation leave depends on the practicality, urgency, or necessity of work.
Management reserves the right to schedule vacation leaves of employees.
Management may schedule vacation leaves during the Christmas period.
Management may schedule vacation leaves during the Lenten season.
Management may schedule vacation leaves as may reasonably be determined by management.
Any employee or faculty who goes on leave without the approval of the immediate head shall be considered Absence Without Official Leave (AWOL).
Any employee or faculty who extends the approved leave without prior permission shall be considered Absence Without Official Leave (AWOL).
Any employee or faculty who refuses to be re-scheduled or recalled from an approved leave without justifiable reason shall be considered Absence Without Official Leave (AWOL).
Employees or faculty who are considered AWOL shall be sanctioned accordingly.
Absence without permission shall not be charged against the vacation leave credits.
Unexcused absence of six days in a term shall be just cause for dismissal.
Vacation leaves are non-cumulative.
Vacation leaves are non-commutative.
Unused vacation leaves are not carried over into the following year.
Unused vacation leaves are forfeited at the end of the year.
If an employee or faculty resigns without serving a thirty-day notice, the remaining unused vacation leave shall be forfeited.
Emergency leave with pay shall be extended to regular employees.
A regular employee may be allowed to take an emergency leave with pay for valid reasons.
The maximum duration for emergency leave with pay is three (3) days a year.
Emergency leave is on top of the unused vacation leave credits.
An emergency leave should be submitted for approval by the immediate supervisor whenever possible.
If an emergency leave cannot be submitted for approval, the regular employee must notify the HR or the Unit concerned within twenty-four (24) hours.
The following are considered valid reasons for an emergency leave: illness or hospitalization of an immediate family member.
Immediate family members include a spouse, children, unmarried brother, unmarried sister, and parents.
Domestic emergencies such as sudden urgent repairs needed at home are considered valid reasons for an emergency leave.
The sudden absence of a yaya or maid is considered a valid reason for an emergency leave.
Calamity or accident, force majeure events that affect the life, limb, and property of the regular employee or his immediate family are considered valid reasons for an emergency leave.
Failure to observe the requirements for emergency leave or to satisfactorily explain an emergency leave shall be subject to disciplinary action.
Regular female faculty members and employees shall be entitled to maternity leave benefits in accordance with law.
The maternity benefit is a daily cash allowance granted to a female member who was unable to work due to childbirth or miscarriage.
All female faculty members and employees who have paid at least three (3) monthly contributions within the twelve-month (12) period immediately preceding the semester of her childbirth or miscarriage are entitled to a one hundred five (105) days maternity leave.
The SSS must be notified through the HR for maternity leave entitlement.
Application for maternity leave shall be made in writing.
The application for maternity leave must be supported by a medical certificate.
The application for maternity leave must be submitted to HR through the Unit Head.
The Maternity Notification Form must be submitted to HR together with the Pregnancy Test or Ultrasound Report.
The Maternity Notification Form must be submitted at least sixty (60) days from the date of conception.
Maternity leave applies to only four (4) complete deliveries which include miscarriages and abortions.
Compensation shall be based on SSS rules.
Compensation shall be based on specified salary ranges.
A married male employee is entitled to seven paid days of paternity leave for the first four deliveries of the legitimate spouse with whom the married male employee is cohabiting.
The paternity leave may be enjoyed before, during, or after the delivery but not later than 60 days after the delivery.
The paternity leave is in accordance with Section 5 of the Implementing Rules and Regulations of Republic Act No. 8187 for the Private Sector.
Under Republic Act No. 11210, or the Expanded Maternity Leave Act, any female worker who will avail of maternity leave is allowed to transfer up to 7 of her 105 days of paid leave to the child’s father.
The transfer of leave to the child’s father applies whether the female worker and the child’s father are married or not.
The employee must submit to Human Resources the marriage certificate and/or birth certificate of the newly born child for record purposes prior to availing of paternity leave.
Under Section 18 of Republic Act No. 8972 or the Solo Parents Welfare Act of 2000, parental leave of not more than seven working days every year shall be granted to any solo parent employee.
The solo parent employee must have rendered service of at least one year to be eligible for parental leave.
The seven-day parental leave shall be non-cumulative.
National University shall respect the plight, rights, and privileges of a solo parent.
National University shall not discriminate against any solo parent employee with respect to terms and conditions of employment on account of the solo parent employee's status.
The employee shall be entitled to parental leave provided that the employee rendered at least one year of service whether continuous or broken at the time of the effectivity of the Act.
The employee must notify their employer of the availment of parental leave within a reasonable period.
The employee must present a Solo Parent Identification Card to their employer.
If the parental leave is not availed of, said leave shall not be convertible to cash unless specifically and previously agreed.
Under Republic Act 9710, also known as The Magna Carta of Women, a female employee shall be entitled to up to two months of special leave with full pay from the employer.
The special leave is based on the gross monthly compensation following surgery caused by gynecological disorders.
The special leave benefit is in addition to leave privileges given to employees under existing laws.
Gynecological disorders are defined as those disorders that require surgical procedures.
Surgical procedures for gynecological disorders include dilation and curettage.
Surgical procedures for gynecological disorders also include hysterectomy.
Surgical procedures for gynecological disorders also include ovariectomy.
Surgical procedures for gynecological disorders also include mastectomy.
The Magna Carta of Women Special Leave Benefits Program covers female employees.
The program covers female employees who need to undergo gynecological procedures or surgeries.
The gynecological procedures or surgeries can be minor or major.
The conditions to avail of the special leave include that the female employee has rendered a continuous aggregate employment service of six months for the last twelve months before the surgery.
The conditions to avail of the special leave include that the female employee has filed an application for special leave.
The conditions to avail of the special leave include that the female employee has undergone a surgery due to gynecological disorders as certified by a competent physician.
The leave is non-cumulative.
The leave is non-convertible to cash.
Educational benefits are meant for academic advancement.
Educational benefits deepen one’s understanding of professional responsibilities.
Regular teaching personnel are entitled to educational benefits.
The educational benefits schedule includes Employee Academic Advancement.
The educational benefits schedule includes Scholarship for Beneficiaries.
Beneficiaries of the scholarship can include a spouse and children.
Beneficiaries of the scholarship can include an immediate family member, if single and no child.
The privilege of educational benefits is good for one degree program only.
The privilege of educational benefits may not be enjoyed for a second degree at the same level by the same beneficiary.
The privilege of educational benefits remains applicable for pursuing a higher degree.
To ensure unhampered operations, the employee shall be limited to nine enrolled units per term.
Employees who avail of the academic advancement benefit may apply for graduate or post-graduate studies.
Graduate or post-graduate studies must be directly related to the employee's field of employment or expertise.
Graduate or post-graduate studies aim to enhance professional growth.
The Faculty Development Program aims to recognize faculty members by means of financial aid.
The financial aid covers the Tuition and Miscellaneous fees for post-graduate study.
The Faculty Development Program assists the faculty member with their study requirements.
The faculty member may be de-loaded from teaching load up to three units per term.
The requirements for faculty members include being a regular or probationary full-time faculty member.
Faculty members must have at least one year of service tenure.
Faculty members must have no outstanding infractions or unexpunged penalties.
Faculty members must have no other scholarship grants.
Faculty members must have the most recent SPES rating and OTE Rating of 4.0 (Meets Expectation).
The requirements for processing a scholarship grant application include a letter of intent addressed to the Campus Head through HR and FSO.
The letter of intent must have endorsement from the concerned Dean.
The requirements include a study plan that includes details of the length of study and enrollment requirements.
The post-graduate studies should be an aligned program with the faculty member's highest educational attainment and program assignment.
Preferred universities are those ranked among the QS World University Rankings.
The preferred universities include the University of the Philippines.
The preferred universities include Ateneo de Manila University or Ateneo Graduate School of Business.
The preferred universities include De La Salle University.
The preferred universities include the University of Santo Tomas.
The preferred universities include Mapua University.
An annual fund shall be allocated for the scholarship program.
The number of grantees shall be prioritized and limited based on the availability of the fund for a given Academic Year.
The selection of grantees shall follow specific priorities.
Priority #1 is for faculty members who intend to pursue a Master's degree or those who intend to finish their Master's degree in Technology Programs and Allied Health Courses.
Priority #2 is for faculty members who intend to pursue a Master's degree or those who intend to finish their Master's degree in other programs.
Priority #3 is for faculty members who intend to pursue doctoral degrees.
Priority #4 is for faculty members who intend to finish their doctoral degrees.
The requirements for grantees include that grantees must enroll immediately upon acceptance and study continuously thereafter until the program is completed.
Deferment of enrollment shall not be allowed except for reasons of poor health.
If a grantee withdraws or is accorded a failing mark in any course, the corresponding tuition and other fees shall be borne by the employee grantee for that specific course.
Grantees must not teach elsewhere or accept outside employment including consultancy work during the period of the scholarship grant.
Grantees should forward all required documents to Human Resources as reference for succeeding enrollments.
Required documents include class cards and/or certified true copies of grades obtained at the end of every term.
The submission of required documents is a condition for the release of the grant for the succeeding period.
The requesting Faculty Member shall be responsible for preparing their Request for Payment Form (RFP).
The signed agreement shall be the attachment to the Request for Payment Form (RFP).
The Official Transcript of Records indicating the completion of the degree must be submitted for completion of the grant.
Acknowledgment of the support provided by the University in the thesis or dissertation and in publications emanating from it must be submitted for completion of the grant.
A bound copy and electronic file of the thesis or dissertation must be submitted to be kept in the University Library for completion of the grant.
Cessation of employment from the University is a ground for termination of the grant.
Obtaining a SPES rating lower than 4.0 during the scholarship availment is a ground for termination of the grant.
Infraction or violation of any of the University’s policies and procedures by an employee grantee during the availment of scholarship is a ground for termination of the grant.
Suspension and/or two written reprimands are included in the grounds for termination of the grant.
Deferment of enrollment without justifiable reason is a ground for termination of the grant.
In the event of termination of the grant, the pro-rated computation shall be deducted from the employee’s final pay or from the employee’s monthly pay, whichever is applicable.
If the faculty member opts to personally cover their tuition and miscellaneous costs, approval for de-loading may be limited to a maximum of six units per term.
The usual guidelines should be observed when covering tuition and miscellaneous costs.
All Faculty members who availed any of the scholarship grants shall be covered by the Return Service Agreement set forth by the University.
The grantee shall agree to render his/her services as an employee in the succeeding term.
If the enrollment is limited to thesis or dissertation, the scholar is required to render a 12-month period after successful completion of the academic program.
If the enrollment is limited to thesis or dissertation, the final pay of the scholar shall be assigned to the payment of the pro-rated amount.
If the last pay is insufficient, the employees’ account shall be considered Account Receivable.
If the faculty member attends another program with an existing return service commitment, the duration for the return service commitment shall be updated accordingly.
The service contract immediately follows each completed term of educational scholarship.
A return service agreement will be executed by the employee.
Non-compliance with the required return service shall oblige the grantee to pay back the equivalent discounts.
All educational benefits shall be subjected to verification by the head of the Unit.
All educational benefits shall be subjected to verification by Human Resources.
The final approval of educational benefits shall be by the Campus Head or the President.
Educational benefit terminates in the case of resignation.
Educational benefit terminates in the case of non-completion of the program within the prescribed period of the curriculum.
Educational benefit terminates in the case of non-fulfilment of the return service commitment.
Educational benefit terminates in the case of a major disciplinary offense or termination of employment for any cause.
The educational benefit availed of shall cease on the date of separation.
For the employee’s spouse and children who are currently enrolled, the benefit will continue up to the end of a particular term in college.
For the employee’s spouse and children who are currently enrolled, the benefit will continue up to the end of the school year for the basic education and senior high school level.
In case of termination of employment, the employee shall pay the cost of the educational benefit for which the employee has not rendered the corresponding return service.
If the grantee is separated from National University, the release of the beneficiary’s certificate of completion shall be withheld until the immediately preceding provision has been settled.
If the grantee is separated from National University, the release of the transcript of records shall be withheld until the immediately preceding provision has been settled.
Educational benefits will apply to the qualified children-beneficiaries of employees retiring after the execution of this Agreement.
The application of educational benefits is subject to the limitations stated in the Agreement.
Coverage for educational benefits is until the completion of the current level enrolled in or to be availed of.
Continuation to the next level of study shall be subject to the recommendation of Human Resources.
Continuation to the next level of study shall be subject to the approval of the Management.
Employees may avail of the medicine allowance benefit to help defray the cost of health maintenance.
Regular employees will be assisted financially in the cost of their medicines.
The maximum amount of the medicine subsidy is determined per academic year.
The medicine subsidy is subject to specific conditions.
Regular employees will receive the medicine subsidy at the start of the Academic Year in the form of cash advance.
Covered employees shall liquidate the subsidy through submission of medicine receipts.
The submission of medicine receipts is subject to the guidelines provided by Human Resources.
Newly regularized employees shall receive a pro-rated amount of medicine subsidy.
The pro-rated amount of medicine subsidy should also be liquidated subject to guidelines.
A regular employee member shall be entitled to life insurance upon regularization.
A bereavement assistance shall be extended to the regular employee in case of death of any of the regular employee's immediate family members.
Immediate family members include parents, siblings, spouse, and children.
The regular employee is entitled to a maximum of three days of bereavement leave per year upon the death of an immediate family member.
The bereavement leave is in addition to the Vacation Leave.
The death of an immediate family member includes spouse, children, unmarried brother and sister, and parents.
National University shall pay regular employees a retirement cash benefit equivalent to 22.5 days per year of service.
The retirement cash benefit is computed based on the employee’s last salary rate.
The retirement cash benefit is provided under the Retirement Law (Republic Act No. 7641).
Regular employees must have served National University for at least five continuous years on a full-time basis to qualify for the retirement cash benefit.
Regular employees must have reached sixty years of age to qualify for the retirement cash benefit.
Retirement takes effect at the end of the birth month or end of the affected term.
Regular employees may opt for an early retirement.
Regular employees must have served National University for at least ten continuous years on a full-time basis to qualify for early retirement.
Regular employees must have reached the age of fifty to qualify for early retirement.
The early retirement option is subject to management approval.
Upon regularization, regular employees of National University are enrolled in the Private Education Retirement Annuity Association (PERAA).
PERAA is a leading, non-profit retirement plan for private education.
PERAA was founded in 1972.
PERAA is the most cost-effective, high growth retirement program exclusive to private education.
The institution sets up an institutional fund under its account strictly for employees' benefits through fixed and periodic premiums based on valuation.
The rate of contribution to PERAA is 12% employer share and 2% employee share.
National University shall grant a longevity pay to regular employees in accordance with the approved longevity pay of Campus.
The approved longevity pay is reflected in a table.
For employees with below 5 years of actual service, the monthly longevity pay is None.
For employees with 5 to 9 years of actual service, the monthly longevity pay at NU Main is PHP 650.00 and at Other Campuses is PHP 600.00.
For employees with 10 to 14 years of actual service, the monthly longevity pay at NU Main is PHP 900.00 and at Other Campuses is PHP 850.00.
For employees with 15 to 19 years of actual service, the monthly longevity pay at NU Main is PHP 1,300.00 and at Other Campuses is PHP 1,100.00.
For employees with 20 to 24 years of actual service, the monthly longevity pay at NU Main is PHP 1,600.00 and at Other Campuses is PHP 1,300.00.
For employees with 25 years and above of actual service, the monthly longevity pay at NU Main is PHP 1,800.00 and at Other Campuses is PHP 1,500.00.
The longevity pay shall form part of the basic salary.
The longevity pay shall commence immediately on the 5th anniversary of the employee’s date of hiring.
The longevity pay shall commence immediately on the 10th anniversary of the employee’s date of hiring.
The longevity pay shall commence immediately on the 15th anniversary of the employee’s date of hiring.
The longevity pay shall commence immediately on the 20th anniversary of the employee’s date of hiring.
The longevity pay shall commence immediately on the 25th anniversary of the employee’s date of hiring.
All regular employees must pass the performance evaluation administered by the Unit Heads or HR to qualify for longevity pay.
The longevity pay policy is subject to revision at the university's discretion.
The term de minimis refers to benefits or privileges of relatively small value given by the employer to employees.
De minimis benefits may be mandated by law or provided as additional compensation according to performance.
The total amount of payroll includes the withholding tax and de minimis benefits.
Some employees may receive fringe benefits as part of the compensation.
The following are considered de minimis benefits to be granted to National University employees: Rice subsidy.
The following are considered de minimis benefits to be granted to National University employees: Service Incentive Gift or Loyalty Award.
Employees who have rendered 5 years of service will receive a token equivalent to PHP 5,000.00.
Employees who have rendered 10 years of service will receive a token equivalent to PHP 10,000.00.
Employees who have rendered 15 years of service will receive a token equivalent to PHP 15,000.00.
Employees who have rendered 20 years of service will receive a token equivalent to PHP 20,000.00.
Employees who have rendered 25 years of service will receive a token equivalent to PHP 25,000.00.
Employees who have rendered 30 years of service will receive a token equivalent to PHP 30,000.00.
Employees who have rendered 35 years of service will receive a token equivalent to PHP 35,000.00.
Employees who have rendered 40 years of service will receive a token equivalent to PHP 40,000.00.
Management awards an employee who has rendered the above years of service the equivalent amount of token every Foundation Day (August 1).
Employees who have rendered at least 15 years of service can choose either a token from the list provided by the management or receive a gift certificate equal to half the value of their service, along with a token representing the remaining half.
The completed years of service as of August 1 shall be the basis for qualification.
Regular faculty and probationary faculty with at least one year of continuous service shall be entitled to a yearly health maintenance insurance (HMO).
The amount of the yearly health maintenance insurance (HMO) varies as determined by management.
HMO members are required to submit a signed PhilHealth Claim 1 Form to the hospital before discharge.
Failure to submit the signed PhilHealth Claim 1 Form would mean the employee would pay the PhilHealth portion of the hospital bill.
The HMO covers specific illnesses.
The HMO covers medicines prescribed while confined in the hospital.
The HMO covers all other inclusions indicated in the policy.
The coverage is limited to the most recent accredited hospitals, clinics, dentists, and doctors.
The list of accredited hospitals, clinics, dentists, and doctors is issued by National University and the HMO provider.
Regular employees may upgrade their health care insurance plan during the renewal of the health care insurance.
The difference between the premium of the standard plan and the upgraded plan shall be paid by the employee.
Dependents may also be enrolled in the health care insurance plan.
The employee must pay for the full premium of the dependents through the SM Savings and Loan Association.
The health care benefit shall be discontinued upon resignation, termination, or severance of employment for whatever cause.
The HMO ID card must be surrendered to the HR Office upon discontinuation of the health care benefit.
Upon regularization, the employee may voluntarily be a member of SM Savings and Loan Association (SLA).
Membership in SM Savings and Loan Association (SLA) is subject to its rules and regulations.
A regular capital investment may be deposited through salary deduction.
The amount of the regular capital investment is determined by the member.
Dividend is declared twice a year by SM Savings and Loan Association (SLA).
SM Savings and Loan Association (SLA) periodically offers goods and commodities payable through salary deduction on an installment basis without interest.
Upon regularization, the employee may voluntarily avail of the SM E-Card.
The SM E-Card is a credit line without charges.
The payment for the SM E-Card is payable in four equal payments through salary deduction.
Chapter 7 is about training and development programs.
This chapter sets the guidelines for the training and development of the Faculty.
National University recognizes the need to develop knowledge, skills, attitudes, and behavior of all its human resources.
National University considers its human resources as its most important asset.
National University aims to achieve optimum levels of productivity.
National University aims to become effective in their work assignments.
National University will grow with well-trained human resources.
Training and development aids in the personal development of employees.
Training and development will properly equip the employee to be better qualified for the next higher rank.
National University shall plan, organize, and implement continuing training and development programs.
The training and development programs will address the needs or gaps between the employee’s competence level and the desired competence level.
Section 2 is about orientation.
The newly hired employee or faculty shall undergo an initial orientation arranged by the Human Resources department.
The topics covered in the orientation include National University History.
The topics covered in the orientation include Vision, Mission, Goals, and Core Values.
The topics covered in the orientation include Quality Policy.
The topics covered in the orientation include Organizational Structure.
The topics covered in the orientation include University Officials and Administrators.
The topics covered in the orientation include Employment Policies.
The topics covered in the orientation include University-Initiated Benefits.
The topics covered in the orientation include Faculty Ranking and Promotion.
The topics covered in the orientation include University’s Rules and Regulations.
The topics covered in the orientation include Code of Discipline and Grievance Procedure.
The new hire is given access to the National University Information System (NUIS) and National University email.
The new hire is introduced and acquainted with his or her College or School.
The new hire is obliged to attend the earliest scheduled orientation seminar conducted by the Human Resources department for all the new and old employees of National University.
There are two kinds of training.
In-house training/seminar/workshop is a formal or on-the-job training held within the campus.
In-house training/seminar/workshop is conducted by an internal or external facilitator.
Off-campus training is a formal or on-the-job training held outside National University premises.
Off-campus training is conducted by an external facilitator.
The identification of areas for improvement is based on the performance appraisal results.
The identification of areas for improvement is based on other sources of training needs analysis.
Unit Heads shall evaluate the appropriate training to be conducted.
Unit Heads shall recommend the appropriate training to be conducted.
The training can be in-house or off-campus.
The training is to address the need of the employee.
In-house facilitators shall be prioritized over outside resources.
The Vice President for Operations shall approve all training programs to be conducted.
The Executive Director shall approve all training programs to be conducted.
The training programs include both in-house and off-campus training.
The training programs must be included in the approved annual departmental budget.
All Employees attending external training programs shall be covered by Return Service Agreement set forth by National University.
The Return Service Agreement is pro-rated.
The training cost shall have a complimentary return service commitment from the employee participant.
The training cost for P25,001 to P35,000 requires a 6 Months return service commitment.
The training cost for P40,001 to P55,000 requires a 12 Months return service commitment.
The training cost for P55,001 and above requires an 18 Months return service commitment.
The cost of training refers to registration fees, travel costs, accommodation fees, and all others included for programs held in Metro Manila, provincial areas or abroad.
The service commitment due to training shall not be prejudicial to National University.
The service commitment due to training shall not be prejudicial to the employee’s right for separation from employment.
For separation due to National University’s initiative, the service commitment is waived by National University.
Separation due to National University’s initiative includes retrenchment and redundancy.
For separation due to the death of the employee, the service commitment is waived by National University.
For separation due to the employee’s resignation or termination with just cause, the employee shall pay the training cost and other related expenses pro-rata.
The amount to be deducted from the last pay is based on the total expense of external training.
The amount to be deducted from the last pay is based on the corresponding number of months.
The amount to be deducted from the last pay is based on the remaining contracted months.
If the employee fails to complete the training for reasons not acceptable to the University, the employee shall be made to pay the training and other related costs in full.
The immediate head of the employee who attended the training shall set the date for the echoing training to other co-employees if necessary.
Training, seminars, conferences, conventions, or other related activities shall not be allowed any overtime payment.
A certificate of attendance to in-house training will be issued by the Human Resources department.
The certificate of attendance shall be credited to the Standard Performance Evaluation System of the employee.
All other certifications awarded to the employee will be considered for the evaluation system.
The employee should submit to the Human Resources department the photocopies of all training certificates received as the basis for the personnel evaluation for the development program.
The National University has a policy to constantly promote the career and professional development of the faculty.
The National University aims to continually appreciate individual efforts towards excellence in the teaching profession.
Faculty members are provided with opportunities to enhance teaching effectiveness, research output, and professional growth through linkages.
The Faculty Development Program is guided by the policies contained in this document.
A detailed discussion of the Faculty Development Program is made in the Academic Policies Manual.
All discussions made in the Academic Policies Manual shall be the final policies to be implemented.
The policies are applicable for full-time faculty members only.
Part-time faculty members can also request for the same privileges.
Requests from part-time faculty members can be approved on a case-to-case basis.
The Faculty Development Program undertaking being applied for should be within the individual faculty development plan of the applying faculty member.
The Faculty Development Program undertaking should also be within the collective faculty development plan of the College/School.
The quality and standard of the venues for the Faculty Development Program are to be approved by the Campus Academic Head.
Deans may request for additional privileges over and above those stipulated in these guidelines as part of their networking and linkages.
Priority will be determined by the College/School.
The College/School will coordinate with the Campus Academic Head to determine priority.
The approval of requests is subject to the availability of funds.
The approval of requests is subject to certain allowable limits.
Section 5 is about the Personnel Development Program.
In identifying the gap between the knowledge, skills, and attitudes that the people in the organization currently possess and the knowledge, skills, and attitudes that they require, Training Needs Analysis (TNA) is being done.
Training Needs Analysis (TNA) is part of the Training and Development Program of National University.
The identified performance factors are based on the existing Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES).
The identified performance factors are aligned with professional skills.
The identified performance factors are aligned with interactive skills.
The identified performance factors are aligned with administrative skills.
The identified performance factors are aligned with managerial skills.
The identified performance factors are aligned with technical competencies.
ASP shall assess their training needs.
The immediate superior shall assess employee training needs for both performance factors and technical competencies.
Technical competencies shall be identified by the employee and superior.
Technical competencies shall be identified in line with the job description.
Technical competencies shall be identified in line with the technicality of the job role.
A form shall be filled out by all regular and probationary ASP and full-time probationary faculty after completion of 1 academic year.
Data collection and analysis of skill gap shall be conducted.
The skill gap analysis will compare the required rates of the position with the self-assessment.
The skill gap analysis will compare the required rates of the position with the Department Head/College Dean assessment.
An individual training plan and matrix shall be done by HR.
The individual training plan and matrix shall be approved by the department head/college dean and division head.
The individual training plan and matrix shall be confirmed by the employee.
Approved technical trainings shall be in line with the budget allotted per department.
If there are trainings requested outside the training matrix, it is at the management's discretion if said training will be approved based on its purpose.
The individual training plan is valid for three academic years.
HR together with the concerned Department Head shall evaluate the status of the individual training plan every August, November, and March before the start of the academic year.
All employees of National University are included in the Job Ranking implementation.
The employees of National University include Officials and Administrative Support Personnel.
All employees of National University shall receive a copy of their Job Description.
The Job Description includes the minimum qualification requirement.
The Job Description includes duties and responsibilities.
The Job Description includes assigned office or department.
The Job Description includes other competencies required for the position.
All positions identified in the workplace have their corresponding classification.
All positions identified in the workplace have their corresponding job level.
Each job level has its respective qualifications.
The qualifications for each job level include minimum educational attainment.
The qualifications for each job level include years of experience.
The qualifications for each job level include job level description.
The qualifications for each job level include decision making ability.
The qualifications for each job level include retention and promotion requirement.
The qualifications for each job level include competencies required.
The qualifications for each job level include hiring approval job classification.
The qualifications for each job level include position title.
The standard job ranking for Administrative Support Personnel and Officials includes Top Management.
Top Management includes President and CEO.
Top Management includes Vice President.
Top Management includes Executive Vice President.
Top Management includes Group Chief Finance Officer.
Top Management includes Group Academic Officer.
Top Management includes Chief Information Officer.
Top Management includes Executive Director.
Top Management includes School Director.
Top Management includes Managing Director.
Top Management includes Assistant Vice President.
The standard job ranking includes Middle Management.
Middle Management includes Senior Directors.
Middle Management includes Unit Director/s.
Middle Management includes Assistant Director.
Middle Management includes Academic Director.
Middle Management includes Admin Director/College Dean.
Middle Management includes University Registrar.
Middle Management includes University Librarian.
Middle Management includes SHS Principal.
The standard job ranking includes Supervisor.
Supervisor includes Senior Supervisor.
Supervisor includes Supervisor.
Supervisor includes Specialist.
The standard job ranking includes Associate.
Associate includes Associate.
Associate includes Senior Associate.
Associate includes Assistant Coordinator.
The standard job ranking includes Assistant.
Assistant includes Assistant 1.
Assistant includes Assistant 2.
Assistant includes Assistant 3.
Assistant includes Staff.
National University ensures that the weight to performance should be appropriately given.
National University ensures that the need to perform should be developed among the employees.
The activity forms part of the overall performance management policy of National University.
The performance management policy of National University allows the organization to bring about succession planning.
The performance management policy of National University allows the organization to bring about career development and progression.
The performance management policy of National University allows the organization to bring about talent management.
The performance management policy of National University ensures that National University creates a performance-based work environment.
Every teaching and non-teaching personnel contributes to the overall goals, vision, and mission of National University.
The policy provides that the review of performance is a fundamental right of employees.
Managers should fairly execute the performance review process.
The performance evaluation shall be directed towards achieving specific objectives and purposes.
The performance evaluation is a way to convey to the employees that National University appreciates their hard work and dedication towards work.
The performance evaluation is considered a motivational tool used by National University.
The motivational tool ensures that employees use their full potential to perform.
The performance evaluation creates a supportive environment where employees can discuss their future aspirations and place in the organization.
The performance evaluation builds a pathway for job satisfaction for the employees.
The performance evaluation shall be composed of a highly structured tool and processes.
The performance evaluation includes all the rules and regulations that should be followed by the employees while participating in the performance review.
The evaluation activities shall be conducted in a manner where there exists trust in the entire performance appraisal process.
The activity provides certain responsibilities to individual employees and their respective superiors to execute the performance review process.
Employees and faculty have the responsibility to submit themselves to the evaluation with an open mind.
Employees and faculty should not be defensive about the review.
Employees and faculty should discuss openly with their immediate superior the job description.
Employees and faculty should discuss openly with their immediate superior the basis of the evaluation.
Employees and faculty should discuss openly with their immediate superior their personal plans, targets, and programs for improvement.
The superior and the employee shall discuss and agree on the post-assessment program.
The post-assessment program includes the ways on which the employee shall undergo to achieve professional and performance improvement.
The employee must complete the required courses of actions.
The required courses of actions include training, seminars, and others.
The training, seminars, and others are part of the Faculty Development Plan (FDP) designed for the faculty.
The responsibilities of the superior/supervisor include conducting the meeting called for the performance evaluation.
The responsibilities of the superior/supervisor include providing feedback on performance, achievement, and progress throughout the year.
The responsibilities of the superior/supervisor include following fair performance evaluation methods.
The responsibilities of the superior/supervisor include providing a deserved grade to the employee/s.
The responsibilities of the superior/supervisor include ensuring a healthy and open environment.
The evaluation forms part of the mentoring responsibility of the superior.
The responsibilities of the Human Resource Department include designing a definitive performance evaluation template.
The performance evaluation template will include the factors for the evaluation.
The performance evaluation template will help the employees to understand how the performance review process works.
The Human Resource Department should keep the records of all evaluations in confidence.
Only the employee can have a copy of the evaluation report.
National University keeps an efficient and effective human resource by monitoring performance.
Monitoring performance serves as a barometer of each personnel to continuously improve.
Monitoring performance helps to attain the goals of each department.
Monitoring performance allows the employee to grow personally and professionally.
Monitoring performance promotes job satisfaction.
Monitoring performance improves morale.
Monitoring performance strengthens the employee’s weaknesses.
All faculty members will be evaluated and will receive a performance rating periodically.
The performance rating will provide the basis for annual merit and other pay adjustments.
The performance rating will provide the basis for renewal of term appointment.
The performance rating will provide the basis for appointment to probationary or permanent status.
The performance rating will provide the basis for promotion in rank.
The performance rating will provide the basis for faculty development.
Performance will be evaluated based on the faculty’s key responsibilities of Teaching, Research, and Service.
Each college/school is responsible for evaluating the performance of its individual faculty members.
Evaluating the performance of individual faculty members is necessary for making informed recommendations/decisions regarding all merit-based salary adjustments.
Evaluating the performance of individual faculty members is necessary for reappointment, promotion, and regularization.
The Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) for faculty applies to all faculty members with term and regular appointments.
The Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) for faculty applies to part-time and full-time faculty members.
The Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) covers the component of Teaching Effectiveness.
Research and Innovation is one of the areas mentioned.
Community Extension is one of the areas mentioned.
Professional Development is one of the areas mentioned.
The Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) is guided by the policies contained in this document.
A detailed discussion of the Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) is available in Annex D Revised SPES for Faculty.
Employees’ job performance is reviewed by the immediate head annually for Administrative Support Personnel.
The Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) measures the performance of Administrative Support Personnel.
The specific objectives of the Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) for regular employees are to periodically monitor competence and productivity as a basis for retention, promotion, and termination.
The specific objectives of the Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) for probationary and contractual employees are to determine who will be regularized and/or reappointed.
The evaluation is also a basis for proportionate distribution of management initiated incentives, such as salary adjustments and job reclassification.
Notwithstanding the purposes of the evaluation, the distribution of management initiated incentives shall not be the ultimate goal of the evaluation.
In order to qualify for any adjustment in position, status, and rate, an employee must earn a Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) rate of 4 (Meets Expectation).
The Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) is guided by the policies contained in this document.
A detailed discussion of the Standard Performance Evaluation System (SPES) is available in Annex E Revised SPES for Administrative Support Personnel.
Chapter 9 is titled 'Work Standards and Expectations'.
This chapter includes policies, rules, and procedures on how an employee should conduct himself at work.
Section 1 is titled 'Policy Statement'.
National University ensures the safety and security of its faculty by setting rules and standards.
The rules and standards include a code of ethics.
Faculty ought to conduct themselves by adhering to the standards and expectations in the workplace.
Section 2 is titled 'Equal Employment Policy'.
The University provides equal opportunity to all faculty and applicants.
The University does not discriminate on any basis prohibited by law.
The prohibited bases include race, colour, sex, age, religion, national origin, disability, or marital status.
The intent of this policy is to be fair in recruitment, selection, compensation, benefits, promotion, demotion, layoff, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment.
The President/CEO and the administration are committed to enforce this policy.
Administrators and faculty are directed to bring any violation of this policy to the immediate attention of their Dean, Program Chair, Coordinator, HR, or the President/CEO.
Any administrator or employee who violates this policy or knowingly retaliates against a fellow faculty who reports or complains of a violation of this policy shall be subject to immediate disciplinary action.
The disciplinary action may include discharge.
Complaints brought under this policy will be promptly investigated.
Complaints will be handled with due regard for the privacy and respect of all involved.
Section 3 is titled 'Appearance and Attire/Dress Code'.
The manner of dressing speaks well of one’s personality and the institution that the individual represents.
The manner of dressing elicits respect among fellow employees and National University’s customers.
National University’s customers include students, parents, and other stakeholders.
The manner of dressing upholds the dignity of one’s profession and gives it credibility.
The manner of dressing promotes the good reputation of National University.
It is the policy of National University to project a professional image to its customers.
Employees are required to wear appropriate clothing on the job.
For the business office, business-style or corporate attire is appropriate.
Employees should be neatly groomed.
Clothes should be clean and in good repair.
Leisure clothes such as cut-offs or halter tops, short pants, revealing clothes, sneakers, rubber shoes, and slippers are not acceptable.
Employees are expected to wear appropriate clothes in the jobsite.
Employees should be sensitive to the location and context of their work.
Employees should be ready to adjust their dress if circumstances warrant.
Employees at a jobsite should wear clothing that protects their safety.
Employees are expected to observe the following dress code during working days.
The dress code is defined in a table.
Office attire must be clean and clear of stains.
Office attire must be well-pressed.
Office attire must not have missing buttons or loose threads.
Office attire must not have bulging pockets.
The fit of the clothes must not be body tight or too loose.
Backless, strapless, and sleeveless blouses or dresses may be worn provided that a blazer is worn over the attire.
Plunging necklines are not allowed.
Transparent clothes are not allowed.
Tank cropped clothes are not allowed.
Off-shoulder clothes are not allowed.
The length of a skirt should not be more than two inches above the knee.
Clothes should not be transparent where the undergarments are outlined or seen through.
Dark-wash denim jeans are acceptable.
Faded jeans are not allowed.
Ripped denim pants are not allowed.
Short pants are not allowed.
Footwear must be clean, well-polished, and in good condition.
Peep-toe shoes are not allowed.
Open shoes are not allowed.
Slippers or sandals are not allowed.
Bright colored sneakers are not allowed.
Mid-top athletic shoes are not allowed.
High-top athletic shoes are not allowed.
On the first day of the workweek and official events, corporate attire is required.
On succeeding days of the workweek, smart casual attire is preferred.
Smart casual attire preferably includes a collared polo or blouse.
Succeeding days of the workweek preferably include slacks.
Denim pants are allowed on succeeding days of the workweek.
On dress-down Friday and Saturday, a corporate shirt or NU Merch shirt is allowed.
NU Merch jackets and jackets with hoods are allowed on dress-down Friday and Saturday.
Denim pants are allowed on dress-down Friday and Saturday.
A casual low-top sneaker that does not cover the ankle is allowed on dress-down Friday and Saturday.
Hair must be clean and well-groomed.
Hair colors that are attention grabbing are unacceptable.
The guidelines on dress code state that hair must be away from the face.
Facial hair must be trimmed and well-groomed.
Make-up should be limited to day make-up.
Jewelry should be kept simple and classy.
No bangles or chains that are loud or noisy are allowed as jewelry.
Facial piercing is unacceptable.
Fingernails should preferably be only in neutral colors or natural/colorless polish.
ID cards must always be worn and should not have stickers.
Promotional pins are not allowed.
Habitual non-compliance with the dress code shall be subject to sanctions ranging from written reprimand to suspension.
Department heads and immediate superiors will assist in implementing the dress code.
Non-compliance with the dress code shall be subject to disciplinary sanctions.
Employees are issued individual ID cards.
Everyone is required to always wear the ID inside National University campus.
Those who are not wearing IDs shall be refused entry and shall be marked absent without pay for the day.
In case of loss of an ID, an affidavit should be submitted to the HR.
A replacement fee of Php300.00 shall be charged through salary deduction.
The same ID number shall be assigned after replacement.
Safety is the concern of everyone at National University.
National University maintains safe and healthy working conditions for employees.
Each employee must be safety conscious.
National University has set policies and procedures to allow safe and healthy working conditions.
It is expected of each employee to comply with the set policies, rules, and procedures.
Signs like 'No Smoking', 'Unauthorized Persons, Keep Out', and 'Restricted Area' must be strictly followed.
Employees are expected to continually be on the lookout for unsafe working conditions or practices.
Employees should warn others of an unsafe condition.
Employees should promptly report an unsafe condition to the supervisor.
For any question regarding practices and the safety of the workplace, employees should always communicate with the supervisor.
An employee may call the attention of a co-employee who is observed to be using an unsafe practice.
This should also be reported to the supervisor or immediate superior.
If a fellow worker brings to an employee's attention an unsafe practice, the employee should thank the fellow worker.
Employees should make necessary adjustments after being informed of an unsafe practice.
Safety at work is a team effort.
Incidents must be reported immediately to the concerned employee’s supervisor by submitting an incident report.
An investigation shall immediately be conducted to determine the cause of the incident.
The investigation shall determine the corrective action needed.
The investigation shall determine the preventive measures needed.
The investigation shall determine any sanctions to be imposed.
National University is responsible for creating a safe working environment.
Employees are expected to establish and maintain a safe school by abiding by the safety programs outlined in the Occupational Safety and Health standards.
The Occupational Safety and Health standards are approved for the maintenance of the OSH requirements of the Department of Labor and Employment.
It is of paramount importance that the Unit Directors shall orient their staff on the existing policies of the OSH standards within National University.
Employees are expected to establish and maintain a safe worksite.
Maintaining proper fall-protection systems is one application for establishing a safe worksite.
Building and maintaining walkways, handrails, and guardrails is another application for establishing a safe worksite.
Properly lifting and lowering heavy objects is another application for establishing a safe worksite.
Keeping walkways clear of debris is another application for establishing a safe worksite.
Inspecting, cleaning, and properly storing tools and equipment after use is another application for establishing a safe worksite.
Following established safety rules is another application for establishing a safe worksite.
National University provides employees with appropriate safety equipment and devices where needed.
Employees are required to use the equipment provided in the manner designated as proper and safe by the manufacturer.
Failure to properly use safety equipment may lead to disciplinary action.
If a required safety equipment has not been provided, employees should contact the supervisor before performing the job for which the safety equipment is necessary.
National University expects the full attention of its employees while the employees are working.
Employees may occasionally have to take care of personal matters during the workday.
Employees should try to conduct personal business either before or after the workday.
Employees should try to conduct personal business during breaks or meal periods.
Regardless of when any personal call is made, the personal call should be kept short.
Employees should limit incoming personal calls.
Employees should limit visits.
Employees should limit personal transactions.
National University’s phones should be available to serve the customers.
Non-business use of the phones can hurt National University’s business.
A pattern of excessive personal phone calls is not acceptable.
A pattern of excessive personal visits is not acceptable.
A pattern of excessive private business dealings is not acceptable.
A pattern of excessive personal phone calls, visits, and/or private business dealings may lead to disciplinary action.
Long distance calls for personal purposes are strictly prohibited.
Local (NDD) calls for personal purposes are strictly prohibited.
International (IDD) calls for personal purposes are strictly prohibited.
Mobile phone calls for personal purposes are strictly prohibited.
Any unauthorized use of phones shall be charged to the employee concerned.
Employees are required to report any injury immediately to their supervisor(s).
Employees are required to report any accident immediately to their supervisor(s).
Employees are required to report any safety hazard immediately to their supervisor(s).
Minor cuts or abrasions must be treated on the spot.
More serious injuries or accidents will be treated accordingly.
Serious injuries must be reported on the injury or accident report form available in the offices.
If an employee believes that there is a lack of appropriate information, the employee should inform the immediate superior immediately.
If an employee believes that there is a lack of safety equipment, the employee should inform the immediate superior immediately.
All employees are expected to take care of all equipment and supplies provided to them.
The faculty is responsible for maintaining the equipment and supplies in proper working condition.
The faculty is responsible for promptly reporting any unsafe or improper functioning of the equipment and supplies to the immediate supervisor.
Neglect of the University’s materials is grounds for disciplinary action.
Theft of the University’s materials is grounds for disciplinary action.
Destruction of the University’s materials is grounds for disciplinary action.
Grounds for disciplinary action may include termination.
National University adheres to a smoke-free environment.
Smoking of any kind is prohibited inside the office.
Smoking of any kind is prohibited on worksites.
Employees are responsible to report any violation of the smoking policy to their supervisor.
Anyone who is caught smoking within the university premises will be subject to disciplinary actions.
National University believes in maintaining a safe and healthy workplace.
National University promotes open, friendly, and supportive working relationships among all employees.
Violence or threats of violence have no place on campus.
Violence is not an effective solution to any problem.
Employees are strictly prohibited from bringing in any weapons.
Weapons include knives, pistols, rifles, stun guns, and mace.
Neither threats of violence nor fighting will be tolerated.
Employees should discuss any problem that creates stress or makes anyone agitated with their supervisor.
Employees must immediately report any violation of this policy to their immediate superior.
Any employee found threatening another employee will be subject to disciplinary action.
Disciplinary action may include termination.
National University does not tolerate the presence of illegal drugs in the workplace.
National University does not tolerate the illegal use of legal drugs in the workplace.
The use, possession, distribution, or sale of controlled substances such as drugs or alcohol is strictly prohibited while on duty.
The use of controlled substances is strictly prohibited while on the University’s premises or worksites.
The use of controlled substances is strictly prohibited while operating National University equipment or vehicles.
The use of illegal drugs and the illegal use of legal drugs promotes problems with safety, customer service, productivity, and the ability to survive and prosper as a business.
If an employee needs to take a prescription drug that affects their ability to perform work, they should discuss possible accommodations with their supervisor.
Violation of the drug policy will result in disciplinary action.
Disciplinary action for drug policy violations may include termination.
Officers and employees may be selected at random for drug testing at any interval determined by National University.
Any employee convicted of violating criminal drug statutes must notify an appropriate Unit Head or Official of National University within five days of the conviction.
Failure to notify an appropriate Unit Head or Official of a conviction may lead to disciplinary action.
National University regards client satisfaction as a measure of success.
It is the responsibility of each faculty member to interact with customers to achieve client satisfaction.
Each faculty member is enjoined to place customer satisfaction as their primary work focus.
A customer is not an interruption of work; a customer is the purpose of work.
Service to customers, both internal and external, is the reason for employment.
A customer could be defined as all students in the University.
A customer could be defined as faculty/teaching personnel in the University.
A customer could be defined as all administrative support personnel in the University.
A customer could be defined as management in the University.
Customer inquiries and concerns can come from any one of these groups of people to another Unit or group of people.
Any customer inquiries and concerns received by anyone in the University shall be heard.
Any customer inquiries and concerns received by anyone in the University shall be referred to the proper Units.
For student-related concerns, the proper Unit to receive the concerns shall be the Student Development and Activities Office.
The Student Development and Activities Office is the equivalent in other campuses for student-related concerns.
For Administrative Support Personnel, the proper Unit to receive the concerns shall be the Human Resources Office.
Any inquiries and problems should be responded to and resolved, if possible, within the fastest possible time.
Inquiries should be addressed within 24 to 48 hours to avoid hanging issues.
An employee should avoid external business, financial, or employment interests that conflict with National University’s business interests.
An employee should avoid external business, financial, or employment interests that conflict with one’s ability to perform work well.
This applies to possible relationships with any other employer, consultant, contractor, customer, or supplier.
Violations of this rule may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Any faculty who might have a relationship within the university shall immediately disclose the relationship.
Any faculty who might have a relationship outside the university shall immediately disclose the relationship.
The relationship must be disclosed with any consultant, contractor, customer, or supplier.
National University prohibits solicitation and distribution of materials on the campus for the safety of all employees.
National University prohibits solicitation and distribution of materials on the campus for the convenience of all employees.
National University prohibits solicitation and distribution of materials on the campus for the protection of all employees.
Employees may occasionally incur expenses on behalf of National University.
Employees will be reimbursed for typical business expenses.
Typical business expenses include mileage when the supervisor approves an employee’s trip during workdays for official business.
The list of business expenses that are subject to liquidation and reimbursements shall be determined by the Finance Office.
Employees use the property, equipment, materials, supplies, and information that the National University provides.
The property, equipment, materials, supplies, and information remain the property of the National University.
The National University reserves the right to search any National University property at any time.
National University property includes personal computers, desks, lockers, and other storage areas.
The National University reserves the right to inspect personal property during the workday or as the employee leaves the campus.
Personal property includes toolboxes, purses, and briefcases.
Refusal to allow inspection of personal property may lead to disciplinary action.
Disciplinary action may include termination.
Network and electronic resources are tools that the National University provides to its employees to assist them in their work.
Network and electronic resources include computers, other hardware, software, email, landline and cellular telephones, fax machines, and internet access.
Network and electronic resources are National University property.
Management may review or access National University property at any time.
All employees who use National University’s network and electronic resources must follow specific guidelines.
Employees must use network and electronic resources for National University business purposes only.
The use of computers for social networking is not allowed during office hours.
Browsing, chatting, and similar activities on Facebook, Twitter, and other social networks must be avoided.
Messages and communications sent via National University’s network and electronic resources are subject to subpoena.
Messages and communications may be accessed by persons outside the National University.
Messages and communications may be used in legal proceedings.
Employees must consider the potential legal implications before sending any confidential messages or material via the network and electronic resources.
Email is not a substitute for face-to-face communication.
Employees should discuss any conflict or important matter in person or over the telephone if a meeting is not possible.
Policies on Equal Employment Opportunity, Harassment, Confidentiality, Personal Conduct, and Rules of Conduct apply to the use of National University’s network and electronic resources.
Employees must not review or forward sexually explicit, profane, or otherwise unprofessional or unlawful material through National University’s network and electronic resources.
Passwords protecting the use of the National University’s network and electronic resources are the National University’s property.
Passwords will be assigned to employees as needed.
Employees must notify the IT Security Officer of all passwords and encryption keys assigned to or used by them.
Employees must notify the IT Security Officer of any changes to such passwords or encryption keys.
National University prohibits the unauthorized use of copyrighted material.
National University prohibits the unauthorized installation of copyrighted material.
National University prohibits the unauthorized copying of copyrighted material.
National University prohibits the unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material.
Employees must not attempt to override any program installed by National University to protect the security of its network.
Employees must not attempt to evade any measure installed by National University to limit the use of its network.
The National University reserves its right to review all communications conducted via the National University’s network.
The National University reserves its right to review all data saved via the National University’s network.
The National University reserves its right to review all data reviewed via the National University’s network.
The National University reserves its right to review all data accessed via the National University’s network.
The National University reserves its right to review all communications conducted via National University computers.
The National University reserves its right to review all communications conducted via National University e-mail.
The National University reserves its right to review all communications conducted via National University internet access.
The National University does not permit its faculty to access or use any National University password other than their own.
The National University does not permit its faculty to access or use any National University e-mail other than their own.
The National University does not permit its faculty to access or use any National University internet access other than their own.
Inappropriate use of the network and electronic resources may result in sanctions.
Sanctions for inappropriate use may include discharge.
Faculty should be careful to safeguard their passwords.
Faculty should log off their terminals when not in use.
Faculty should not permit others to access National University systems.
In answering the telephone, picking up the phone should occur in two rings, at most three rings.
Proper greetings when answering the phone should include: 'Good morning, [College], This is __________. How may I help you?'
If a call needs to be transferred to another department, the employee should say, 'One moment, I will transfer your call to the ____________ department.'
The transferred call must be answered by the recipient in two rings or three rings.
The recipient must say: 'Good morning, [College], This is __________. How may I help you?'
Employees should always answer the telephone with a smiling voice.
After saying 'One moment' when transferring calls, the employee must transfer the call immediately and successfully to the person concerned directly.
If the line is busy, the employee should go back to the caller and inform them with, 'I’m sorry, the ____________ department is busy at the moment, you may call them directly, their local number is XXX.'
The general rule for managing calls put on hold is to avoid putting calls on hold.
If putting a call on hold is unavoidable, the employee should say, 'Thank you for waiting.' or 'Sorry to have kept you waiting.'
National University recognizes that cell phones have become an integral part of any faculty’s everyday life.
National University recognizes that smartphones especially have become an integral part of any faculty’s everyday life.
If used properly, the usage of cell phones may be a great benefit for productivity.
Cell phones may cause problems when used imprudently or excessively.
Cell phones may cause problems especially when more time has been used using the cell phone.
National University expects all faculty to use their cell phones in moderation.
Using cell phones in moderation may prevent distraction at work.
Using cell phones in moderation may prevent disturbance to colleagues.
Using cell phones in moderation may prevent security concerns in the workplace.
National University advises the faculty to use cell phones for official business.
National University advises the faculty to make brief personal calls during work hours.
National University advises the faculty to turn off cell phones during meetings.
National University advises the faculty to turn off cell phones during seminars.
National University considers its confidential and proprietary information as valuable assets.
National University considers the confidential and proprietary information of customers as valuable assets.
Vital and confidential information and documents of National University must be treated with utmost confidentiality.
Vital and confidential information and documents of National University must not be utilized for an employee’s personal benefit or gain.
Vital and confidential information and documents of National University must not be divulged to unauthorized persons or entities.
If an employee is in custody of confidential records, the employee must safeguard its sacredness.
Examples of records classified as confidential include personnel records.
Examples of records classified as confidential include salary records.
Examples of records classified as confidential include examination papers.
Examples of records classified as confidential include students’ grades.
Examples of records classified as confidential include performance evaluation results.
Examples of records classified as confidential include medical records.
Examples of records classified as confidential include personal memoranda.
Examples of records classified as confidential include psychological test reports.
An employee must not divulge any confidential information to persons without proper authorization.
An employee must not provide access to any confidential information to persons without proper authorization.
No one shall access any confidential information without proper authorization.
Employees must carefully protect all confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University.
Employees must never disclose any confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University to any third party.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes matters of technical nature.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes computer software.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes product sources.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes product research and designs.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes matters of business nature.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes customer lists.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes customer contact information.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes associate information.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes on-site program and support materials.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes candidate and recruit lists and information.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes personnel information.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes placement information.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes personnel’s salary.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes pricing lists.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes training programs.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes contracts.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes revenues.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes financial and marketing data.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes systems.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes forms.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes methods.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes procedures.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes analyses.
Confidential and proprietary information belonging to National University includes any other proprietary information.
Confidential and proprietary information may be communicated orally or in documentary form.
Confidential and proprietary information may be communicated in computerized form.
Confidential and proprietary information may be communicated in other tangible form.
Confidential and proprietary information concerns National University’s operations and business.
Confidential and proprietary information concerns its customers’ operations and business.
Employees should ensure that any material containing confidential or proprietary information is filed and/or locked up before leaving their work areas each day.
During the workday, employees should not leave any sensitive information lying about unguarded.
The University will not tolerate harassment or intimidation prohibited by law.
The forms of harassment or intimidation prohibited by law include race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, handicap, disability, or marital status.
Any suggestion for sexual favors will not be tolerated.
It is the policy of the University that any harassment will result in disciplinary sanction, up to and including discharge.
Acts creating a hostile work environment or any other discriminatory acts directed against an employee will result in disciplinary sanction.
The management will not tolerate any harassment of University administrators or employees by clients or vendors.
For purposes of this policy, sexual harassment is defined as any type of sexually-oriented conduct that is unwelcome.
Sexual harassment has the purpose or effect of creating a work environment that is hostile, offensive, or coercive.
The following are examples of conduct that may constitute sexual harassment: unwelcome sexual jokes, language, epithets, advances or propositions.
The following are examples of conduct that may constitute sexual harassment: written or oral abuse of a sexual nature, sexually degrading or vulgar words to describe an individual.
The following are examples of conduct that may constitute sexual harassment: the display of sexually suggestive objects, pictures, posters or cartoons.
The following are examples of conduct that may constitute sexual harassment: unwelcome comments about an individual’s body.
The following are examples of conduct that may constitute sexual harassment: asking questions about sexual conduct.
The following are examples of conduct that may constitute sexual harassment: unwelcome touching, leering, whistling, brushing against the body, or suggestive, insulting, or obscene comments or gestures.
The following are examples of conduct that may constitute sexual harassment: demanding sexual favors in exchange for favorable reviews, assignments, promotions, or continued employment, or promises of the same.
Administrators, faculty, and employees must bring any violation of this policy to the immediate attention of their immediate head.
The University will thoroughly investigate all claims of harassment with due regard for the privacy of the individuals involved.
Any administrator, faculty, or employee who knowingly retaliates against a fellow administrator, faculty, or employee who reported workplace harassment or discrimination shall be subject to immediate disciplinary action, up to and including discharge.
This section outlines the policy on how the organization and its employees should conduct themselves online.
The policy helps safeguard the University’s reputation.
The policy encourages employees to responsibly share the University’s message to everyone.
Everyone has social media accounts.
The University cannot prevent any people from making social media posts.
The University expects employees to follow the proper guidelines in posting.
The following outlines the guidelines on what the employees can and cannot do in social media.
The employee can list National University as an employer in their account during their employment.
The University expects that the personnel will be responsible to take down the listing when no longer connected to the institution.
The employee can share official and National University news, stories, and posts made by National University on its website or social media accounts.
The employee cannot share any confidential information or any internal concerns of National University.
The employee shall restrain from making any derogatory, discriminatory, libelous, and offensive remarks to any colleague in National University or its vendors, suppliers, and others associated with National University.
The employee cannot respond to negative views, rants, or comments by competitors, disgruntled faculty, employees, unhappy students, customers, or other people on social media.
Negative remarks should be immediately referred to the proper office, such as Corporate Communications, so that they can respond properly.
Concerns shall be dealt with properly.
In posting pictures of students, colleagues, and clients on social media, the employee should ensure that the pictures are decent and portray an employee of National University properly.
Administrators, faculty, and employees must bring any violation of this policy to the immediate attention of their supervisor.
National University will thoroughly investigate all claims of policy violations with due regard for the privacy of the individuals involved.
Any administrator, faculty, or employee who knowingly violates the guidelines stated above shall be subject to immediate disciplinary action, up to and including discharge from employment.
National University wants to operate within an environment where health and safety of everyone is of prime importance.
All personnel must promptly report and seek treatment for any illness, lesions, boils, sores, infected wounds, or other injury that occurred during work hours.
A sick or injured employee should not come to work.
A sick or injured employee should check with their supervisors before starting work.
Any employee who is diagnosed with an infectious disease should immediately disclose the situation to the supervisor for proper attention.
Smoking cigarettes or tobacco is strictly prohibited anywhere in the school premises.
Eating and drinking are discouraged inside the work area to avoid pest infestations.
Potable drinking water will be provided for all employees.
Drinking stations will be readily accessible and stocked with single-use cups.
A first-aid kit will be accessible in a designated area during each shift.
Proper personal hygiene and sanitation must be practiced by all personnel.
National University recruits and retains personnel based on competence, character, and commitment to National University’s Vision-Mission and Goals.
National University prohibits hiring of relatives up to the third degree of consanguinity/affinity of currently employed faculty and staff.
The relatives prohibited from hiring include parent, child, spouse, brother, sister, stepparent, stepbrother, stepsister, stepchild, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, grandchild, grandparents, cousins, nephew, and niece.
The prohibition on hiring relatives applies regardless of employment status, including contractual, probationary, regular, part-time, or full-time.
Any misdeclaration or misrepresentation, omission or commission of fraud, forgery, dishonesty, and the like by a prospective employee shall be sufficient ground for termination and invalidation of the employment contract.
Regular employees’ relatives who are on project-based, temporary, or probationary contracts shall not have their contracts renewed.
Employees who get married to co-employees and where both are on regular status shall not be allowed to be assigned in the same department or in one office.
Employees who get married to co-employees shall not be allowed any superior-subordinate relationship.
In special but meritorious cases in key academic and administrative areas, the applicability of the hiring policy may be waived only with the final approval of the President/CEO upon the urgent recommendation of the President’s Council.
National University recognizes the rights of its employees to form associations.
National University recognizes the rights of its employees to participate in the Collective Bargaining Agreement.
National University promotes industrial peace.
The University is expected to follow the rulings set by the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) in allowing employees to form associations.
The University is expected to follow the rulings set by the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) in allowing employees to engage in collective bargaining agreements.
The formation of associations shall not be part of disciplinary action in the University.
The formation of associations shall not be part of administrative cases in the University.
Chapter 10 is titled 'Code of Discipline'.
No written policy can prescribe an appropriate action for every business situation.
This Code of Discipline defines only the minimum standards which must be observed.
The Code of Discipline guides every employee in their daily work and relationships.
This chapter states the policy on discipline, faculty conduct and behavior.
This chapter states the grievance procedure.
This chapter states the schedule of offenses and the corresponding sanctions.
It is the sincere desire of National University to help its faculty in every way possible.
National University wants both the institution and its faculty to succeed in their respective endeavors.
Willful or inexcusable breach of the Code will be dealt with firmly under a uniform policy.
The provisions of this Code shall apply to all faculty regardless of status, rank, or position.
National University views disciplinary action more as a correction or preventive measure than a punitive one.
National University intends to abort the misconduct and offenses caused by a minority of the faculty.
National University does not want the majority of employees who perform efficiently and loyally to feel that the adoption of these policies is an adverse reflection on them.
Section 2 is titled 'Ethical Conduct'.
Employees are expected to abide by ethical standards to avoid any appearance of a conflict of interest.
Employees should not solicit anything of value from any person or organization with whom National University has a current or potential business relationship.
Employees should not accept any item of value from any party in exchange for or in connection with a business transaction between National University and that other party.
Employees may accept items of incidental value from customers, suppliers, or others if the gift is not given in response to solicitation of favor.
Employees may accept items of incidental value as long as it implies no exchange for business purposes.
Items of incidental value may include gifts, gratuities, food, drink, and entertainment.
If employees are unsure how to handle a situation that may potentially violate this code of ethical conduct, they should notify their immediate supervisor.
Violations of this code may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Employees are enjoined to project an image compatible with National University’s Vision-Mission, Goals, and Core Values.
Employees shall always conduct all activities in a manner consistent with the policies and good public norms.
Employees are expected to manifest obedience to rules of orderly conduct.
Employees are expected to exercise self-control.
Employees are expected to show consideration for the rights of others.
Employees are expected to accept the consequences of their acts.
There are reasonable rules of conduct which must be followed in any organization.
Reasonable rules of conduct help a group of people work together effectively.
The University expects each faculty member to present himself or herself in a professional appearance and manner.
If a faculty member is not considerate of others and does not observe reasonable work rules, disciplinary action will be taken.
Depending on the severity or frequency of the disciplinary problems, a verbal or written reprimand may be necessary.
Depending on the severity or frequency of the disciplinary problems, suspension without pay may be necessary.
Depending on the severity or frequency of the disciplinary problems, disciplinary probation may be necessary.
Depending on the severity or frequency of the disciplinary problems, dismissal may be necessary.
It is within National University’s sole discretion to select the appropriate disciplinary action to be taken.
Any employee who commits any infraction of National University rules of conduct, policies, and other regulations after due process shall be subject to the commensurate disciplinary action or sanction.
The Human Resources Officer may impose disciplinary action or sanction in accordance with the Schedule of Offenses and Sanctions.
The Schedule of Offenses and Sanctions includes reprimand.
The Schedule of Offenses and Sanctions includes written warning.
The Schedule of Offenses and Sanctions includes suspension of 5 working days or 15 working days.
The Schedule of Offenses and Sanctions includes dismissal.
Management reserves the right to determine the appropriate punitive sanction for any infraction based on the merits of the case.
The following is not a complete list of offenses for which a faculty member may be subject to discipline.
The following is illustrative of those offenses that may result in immediate discipline, up to and including dismissal, for a single offense.
Excessive absenteeism or tardiness may result in immediate discipline.
Dishonesty, including falsification of University-related documents or misrepresentation of any fact, may result in immediate discipline.
Fighting, disorderly conduct, horseplay, or any other behavior which is dangerous or disruptive may result in immediate discipline.
Possession of, consumption of, or being under the influence of alcoholic beverages while on University or customer premises or on University business may result in immediate discipline.
Illegal manufacture, distribution, dispensation, sale, possession, or use of illegal drugs or un-prescribed controlled substances may result in immediate discipline.
Reporting for work with illegal drugs or un-prescribed controlled substances in the body may result in immediate discipline.
Possession of weapons, firearms, ammunition, explosives, or fireworks in National University is prohibited.
Failure to promptly report a workplace injury or accident involving any of National University’s employees, clients, equipment, or property is prohibited.
Willful neglect of safety practices, rules, and policies is prohibited.
Speeding or reckless driving while on official business is prohibited.
Commission of a crime, or other conduct which may damage the reputation of National University is prohibited.
Use of profane language while on official National University business is prohibited.
Stealing, misappropriating, or intentionally damaging property belonging to National University or its customers or employees is prohibited.
Unauthorized use of National University’s or its clients’ name, logo, funds, equipment, vehicles, or property is prohibited.
Insubordination, including failure to comply with any work assignments or instructions issued by an authorized supervisor, is prohibited.
Violation of National University’s Equal Employment Opportunity Policy or its Harassment Policy is prohibited.
Interference with the work performance of other employees is prohibited.
Failure to cooperate with an internal investigation, including investigations of violations of these work rules, is prohibited.
Failure to maintain the confidentiality of trade secrets or other confidential information belonging to National University or its customers is prohibited.
Failure to comply with the personnel policies and rules of National University is prohibited.
National University provides for amicable internal procedures to settle grievances.
All employees shall be treated fairly and be free from restraint, interference, coercion, discrimination, or reprisal in presenting grievances.
Due process shall always be observed.
All cases shall be disposed of expeditiously and judiciously.
No employee shall be denied due process.
No employee shall be dismissed, suspended, demoted, or sanctioned with disciplinary action without just, lawful, and valid cause.
A grievance refers to any dispute or controversy involving the terms and conditions of employment that a faculty member or a group of employees may present to the employer.
Due process involves the issuance of three notices: Notice to Explain, Notice of Hearing, and Notice of Decision, which are all prerequisites of due process.
When dissatisfaction calls for disciplinary action, it is not to be considered a grievance.
When dissatisfaction calls for disciplinary action, it is considered an administrative disciplinary case.
HR is primarily bound to administer the rules and regulations stated herein.
HR is primarily bound to supervise the rules and regulations stated herein.
HR is primarily bound to endorse the rules and regulations stated herein.
All matters in connection to the rules and regulations shall be directly handled by the HR Officer.
The HR Officer may have a duly designated representative.
Deans are directly responsible for monitoring the activities of their respective staff or faculty.
Deans are responsible for correcting their respective staff or faculty by imposing sanctions.
Sanctions imposed by Deans may include verbal reprimand.
Sanctions imposed by Deans may include written reprimand.
Deans should furnish HR with all issued written reprimands and warnings.
Verbal reprimands should be recorded.
The record of verbal reprimands should include the issues or violations.
The record of verbal reprimands should include the date and time of reprimand and/or warning.
A copy of the record of verbal reprimands should be furnished to HR.
For serious offenses that require stiffer sanctions, the case should be referred to HR for further investigation.
Serious offenses may include suspension.
Serious offenses may include dismissal.
Only complaints and grievances expressed in writing and duly signed by the complainant shall be considered for investigation and resolution.
If possible, all complaints and grievances must be filed within the semester when the incident occurred.
The complainant submits a written account of the charges and the incidents pertaining to it to HR.
Minor cases, where sanctions include reprimand and warning, shall be processed by the Unit Head or Dean.
Serious offenses, where sanctions include suspension and/or termination of employment, shall be endorsed to HR.
Serious offenses shall be endorsed to HR with the incident report and other available documents for further processing.
HR immediately commences an investigation upon receipt of the incident report.
HR will come up with a report ten working days from receipt of the incident report.
Depending on the result of the investigation, HR will issue a Notice to Explain to the respondent.
If the investigation does not warrant further action, HR recommends the dismissal of the case in writing.
If the case prospers, the Campus Head shall create a committee to evaluate the evidence and arrive at a decision.
The committee shall be composed of four members.
The committee shall include the AVP for HR.
The committee shall include FSO Representatives or their authorized representative.
The committee shall include the Faculty Services Director if applicable.
The committee shall include two members assigned by the Campus Head.
The committee shall conduct hearings and deliberate on the case.
The committee submits a resolution and recommendation five working days upon the creation of the committee.
The Campus Head reviews the committee resolution and recommendation.
The Campus Head may approve the committee resolution and recommendation.
The Campus Head may return the committee resolution and recommendation for some revisions.
The Campus Head must act within twenty-four hours upon receipt of the committee resolution and recommendation.
Due process must be followed when sanctions are imposed in accordance with the law.
All investigations shall be executed fairly, expeditiously, and judiciously.
No employee shall be held liable for the commission of an act deemed in violation of National University policies, rules, regulations, and procedures unless the employee has been informed.
The employee must be allowed to explain in writing.
The employee must be called to a hearing to respond to the charges.
The employee may have assistance of counsel during the hearing if desired.
The following shall be prerequisite to due process:
A Notice to Explain must be issued to the respondent.
The Notice to Explain must include the allegations.
The respondent is given five (5) days to explain why a sanction may not be imposed.
A Notice of Hearing must be issued.
The Notice of Hearing must indicate the date, time, and venue where the respondent can explain his/her side further.
Another hearing may be set to give the respondent more opportunity to defend himself/herself.
The Notice of Hearing must be issued three (3) days upon receipt of the respondent’s explanation.
A Notice of Decision must be released.
The Notice of Decision must contain the resolution, sanctions, and recommendation of the committee.
The Notice of Decision must be approved by the Campus Head or the President in case of termination.
The Notice of Decision shall be released within ten (10) working days from the conclusion of the hearing.
Without prejudice to the provisions of the Labor Code or related laws and regulations, any faculty who commits any offense may be disciplined.
Discipline shall be in accordance with the table of sanctions after investigation and establishment of guilt according to proper procedures.
A reprimand shall be decided upon by the Unit Head.
A written warning shall be decided upon by the Unit Head.
A suspension shall be decided upon by the Disciplinary Committee with the approval of the Campus Head.
Termination shall be decided upon by the Disciplinary Committee with the approval of the President.
A preventive suspension of 30 days shall be imposed upon approval of the President.
The preventive suspension shall be imposed on a respondent under investigation for an alleged violation.
The presence of the respondent poses a threat to the life and property and/or well-being of National University, its officers, employees, and students.
The decision of the committee is recommendatory.
The decision of the committee shall be forwarded to the Campus Head for affirmation.
The decision of the committee shall be forwarded to the Campus Head for modification.
The decision of the committee shall be forwarded to the Campus Head for revision.
The decision of the committee shall be forwarded to the Campus Head for approval.
The Campus Head shall give the official decision on the case within three working days.
The official decision of the Campus Head shall be final.
The official decision of the Campus Head shall be executory.
For termination cases, the President gives the final approval.
A copy of the approved committee’s decision shall be issued to the respondent.
A copy of the approved committee’s decision shall be issued to the Head/Dean.
A copy of the approved committee’s decision shall be issued to the Campus Head.
A copy of the approved committee’s decision shall be issued to the HR file.
The HR file includes the Respondent’s 201 file.
Any appeal by the respondent is addressed to the President.
The President may or may not overrule the verdict.
The appeal must be submitted within five days from receipt of the appeal.
All case evaluation and decision shall be resolved within twenty days.
The schedule of case evaluation and decision includes the submission of incident report to HR within 1 working day.
The schedule of case evaluation and decision includes investigation and submission of report within 5 working days.
The schedule of case evaluation and decision includes issuance of Notice to Explain within 1 working day.
The schedule of case evaluation and decision includes respondent’s reply within 5 working days.
The schedule of case evaluation and decision includes issuance of Notice of Hearing within 2 working days.
The schedule of case evaluation and decision includes evaluation and recommendation of committee within 5 working days.
The schedule of case evaluation and decision includes issuance of Notice of Decision within 1 working day.
The total time for case evaluation and decision is 20 working days.
This policy shall be a necessary tool to maintain peace and harmony at the workplace.
This policy shall promote discipline in the organization.
Members of the organization are expected to be directed to the vision-mission of National University.
The list of offenses and the guiding sanctions are not exclusive.
There may be other acts not expressly included that can be considered as similar or analogous to the offenses enumerated.
Other acts may be treated as infractions that may result in immediate disciplinary measure.
Immediate disciplinary measures may include dismissal for a single offense.
Management reserves the right to impose lesser or stiffer penalty for a particular offense.
The imposition of penalty depends on mitigating or aggravating circumstances which warrant such action.
Employees are enjoined to read announcements posted on bulletin boards.
Employees are enjoined to attend meetings.
Employees are enjoined to attend general assembly to be informed.
Memoranda, policies, issued rules and regulations, including their revisions, shall form part and parcel of the Code of Discipline.
Any violation of the Code of Discipline shall be subject to disciplinary action as may be provided by management.
The following is the list of offenses and the guiding sanctions.
There are other acts not expressly included but may be considered similar or analogous to offenses enumerated below.
Other acts will likewise be treated as infractions.
Other acts may be meted disciplinary measures.
The first offense is dishonesty.
The first offense includes misrepresentation or falsification of information during job interview or in application form or in letter of application.
The first offense includes submission of fake, tampered, or inaccurate credentials.
The first offense includes not giving full details about personal circumstances even if this is found out while the employee is already hired.
The first offense includes not giving full details about personal circumstances even if the employee is already a regular employee.
The sanction for the first offense of dishonesty is dismissal.
The first offense includes falsifying, tampering, or padding of time records.
The first offense includes falsifying, tampering, or padding of University, office, or employee records.
The first offense includes falsifying, tampering, or padding of items for reimbursement, invoice prices, and other similar documents.
The sanction for the first offense of falsifying, tampering, or padding of records is dismissal.
The first offense includes obtaining information or materials and supplies fraudulently.
The sanction for the first offense of obtaining information or materials and supplies fraudulently is dismissal.
The first offense includes misuse of and/or malversation of funds.
The sanction for the first offense of misuse of and/or malversation of funds is dismissal.
The first offense includes misrepresentation of the National University by the employee.
The sanction for the first offense of misrepresentation of the National University is dismissal.
The first offense includes conspiracy to commit dishonesty.
The sanction for the first offense of conspiracy to commit dishonesty is dismissal.
The first offense includes tampering with official faculty grading records.
The sanction for the first offense of tampering with official faculty grading records is dismissal.
The first offense includes giving false testimony during investigation.
The first offense includes failure to cooperate with an investigation.
The first offense includes failure to cooperate with an investigation, including but not limited to, investigations of violations of the Code of Discipline.
The sanction for the first offense of giving false testimony or failure to cooperate with an investigation is dismissal.
The first offense includes accepting money and items of value or other favors from a supplier.
The offense sanction document outlines various offenses and their corresponding sanctions.
The first offense listed is plagiarism, which includes failure to acknowledge or cite sources and other forms of dishonesty in research or product development work.
The sanction for plagiarism is dismissal.
The second offense listed is accepting any form of bribes.
The sanction for accepting any form of bribes is dismissal.
The third offense listed is spreading lies, half-truths, or unfounded claims.
The sanction for spreading lies, half-truths, or unfounded claims is dismissal.
The fourth offense listed is misrepresentation or any falsehood in accomplishing an employee’s application form or letter of application and/or attachments to said form/letter of any kind or purpose.
The sanction for misrepresentation or any falsehood in an application is dismissal.
The fifth offense listed is concealment of a known infectious or contagious disease.
The known infectious or contagious diseases include conjunctivitis, chickenpox, tuberculosis, hepatitis, HIV, COVID-19, etc.
The concealment of a known infectious or contagious disease may endanger the health or life of co-employees and students.
The sanction for concealment of a known infectious or contagious disease is dismissal.
The sixth offense listed is concealment of any infectious or contagious disease symptoms.
The sanction for concealment of any infectious or contagious disease symptoms is dismissal.
The seventh offense listed is concealment of one’s knowledge of any employee or person with close contact who is confirmed with an infectious or contagious disease.
The sanction for concealment of knowledge of a confirmed infectious or contagious disease is dismissal.
The document also addresses habitual, inexcusable absenteeism/tardiness and improper use of official time/abandonment.
Inexcusable absences or absences without official leave (AWOL) are addressed in the document.
For two consecutive working days of inexcusable absences, the sanction is a written reprimand followed by a 5-day suspension and potential dismissal.
For 3-5 consecutive working days of inexcusable absences, the sanction is a written reprimand followed by a 15-day suspension and potential dismissal.
For 6 or more consecutive working days of inexcusable absences, the sanction is dismissal.
Tardiness or under time is also addressed in the document.
The offense of four or more tardiness and/or under time per pay period for three consecutive times within a calendar year results in a written reprimand and counseling.
The offense of four or more tardiness and/or under time per pay period for three consecutive times within a calendar year also results in a written reprimand with a warning of dismissal.
The offense of four or more tardiness and/or under time per pay period for three consecutive times within a calendar year can lead to dismissal.
The offense of four or more tardiness and/or under time per pay period for six non-consecutive times within a calendar year results in a written reprimand and counseling.
The offense of four or more tardiness and/or under time per pay period for six non-consecutive times within a calendar year can lead to a 15-day suspension.
The offense of four or more tardiness and/or under time per pay period for six non-consecutive times within a calendar year can lead to dismissal.
The offense of improper use of official time is noted.
The offense of exceeding authorized break time for more than ten minutes results in a written reprimand and counseling.
The offense of exceeding authorized break time for more than ten minutes can lead to a 5-day suspension.
The offense of exceeding authorized break time for more than ten minutes can lead to dismissal.
The offense of abandonment is noted.
The offense of continuous uninterrupted and unauthorized absence for more than 5 working days and failure to report to the office after three days, reckoned from receipt of notice to report/explain absence, results in dismissal.
The offense of dereliction of duty is noted.
The offense of late or incomplete submission of required reports, submission of inaccurate data/report to the Unit Head, or non-submission of personal data and other information and documents for the 201 File as required by HR results in a written reprimand.
The offense of late or incomplete submission of required reports, submission of inaccurate data/report to the Unit Head, or non-submission of personal data and other information and documents for the 201 File as required by HR can lead to a 5-day suspension.
The offense of late or incomplete submission of required reports, submission of inaccurate data/report to the Unit Head, or non-submission of personal data and other information and documents for the 201 File as required by HR can lead to dismissal.
The offense of leaving one’s work area during work hours without official business is noted.
The offense of leaving one’s work area during work hours includes going to neighboring work areas or standing idly in the corridor or uselessly talking to a fellow employee while one’s work is supposed to be ongoing.
If an accident or an untoward incident transpires involving co-workers or resulting in injury or loss of limb or death while the employee is away from his workplace during work hours without official business, it results in a written reprimand.
If an accident or an untoward incident transpires involving co-workers or resulting in injury or loss of limb or death while the employee is away from his workplace during work hours without official business, it can lead to a 5-day suspension.
If an accident or an untoward incident transpires involving co-workers or resulting in injury or loss of limb or death while the employee is away from his workplace during work hours without official business, it can lead to dismissal.
The first sanction for official business is that the third sanction immediately applies.
Gross inefficiency and incompetence is based on performance evaluation.
Two consecutive dissatisfactory ratings or Needs Improvement (NI) rating in the performance evaluation can lead to dismissal.
One Undesirable (U) rating in the performance evaluation can lead to dismissal.
Failure to inform Human Resources (HR) in writing within 30 days through the Unit Head about any change in civil status can lead to a written reprimand.
Failure to inform HR in writing within 30 days through the Unit Head about any change in address can lead to a written reprimand.
Failure to inform HR in writing within 30 days through the Unit Head about any change in dependents can lead to a written reprimand.
Failure to inform HR in writing within 30 days through the Unit Head about any change in the person to notify in case of emergency can lead to a written reprimand.
Failure to inform HR in writing within 30 days through the Unit Head about any change in full-time or part-time employment can lead to a written reprimand.
Failure to inform HR in writing within 30 days through the Unit Head about any change in practice of profession can lead to a written reprimand.
Failure to inform HR in writing within 30 days through the Unit Head about any election or appointment as an officer can lead to a written reprimand.
Failure to inform HR in writing within 30 days through the Unit Head about any membership in any professional organization can lead to a written reprimand.
Stopping work or preparing to leave work before one’s specified off time can lead to a written reprimand.
Stopping work or preparing to leave work before one’s specified off time can lead to a written warning.
Stopping work or preparing to leave work before one’s specified off time can lead to a 5-day suspension.
Being in the office but not using the whole time to work on an assigned task can lead to a written reprimand.
Being in the office but not using the whole time to work on an assigned task can lead to a 15-day suspension.
Being in the office but not using the whole time to work on an assigned task can lead to dismissal.
Sleeping during working hours can lead to a 5-day suspension.
Sleeping during working hours can lead to a 15-day suspension.
Sleeping during working hours can lead to dismissal.
Playing computer games during work hours can lead to a 5-day suspension.
Playing computer games during work hours can lead to a 15-day suspension.
Playing computer games during work hours can lead to dismissal.
Reading newspapers, pocketbooks, and the like at the work area during office hours can lead to a written reprimand.
Reading newspapers, pocketbooks, and the like at the work area during office hours can lead to a written warning.
Reading newspapers, pocketbooks, and the like at the work area during office hours can lead to a 5-day suspension.
Using mobile phones during office time can lead to a written reprimand.
Using mobile phones during office time can lead to a written warning.
Using mobile phones during office time can lead to a 5-day suspension.
Habitual failure to register IN and OUT in biometrics can lead to a written reprimand.
Habitual failure to register IN and OUT in biometrics can lead to a written warning.
Habitual failure to register IN and OUT in biometrics can lead to a 5-day suspension.
Deliberate absence at departmental meetings can lead to a written reprimand.
Deliberate absence at departmental meetings can lead to a written warning.
Deliberate absence at departmental meetings can lead to a 5-day suspension.
Leaving a work assignment during regulation time without prior permission can lead to a written reprimand.
Leaving a work assignment during regulation time without prior permission can lead to a written warning.
Leaving a work assignment during regulation time without prior permission can lead to a 5-day suspension.
The offense is abuse of built-in influence inherent to one’s position.
Collecting contributions, donations, and other forms of illegal exactions is an offense.
Collecting contributions, donations, and other forms of illegal exactions is punishable by dismissal.
Asking or receiving favors in exchange for work assignments is an offense.
Asking or receiving favors in exchange for work assignments is punishable by dismissal.
Asking or causing employees or staff to buy items, merchandise, or services is an offense.
Asking or causing employees or staff to buy items, merchandise, or services is punishable by a written warning, a 5-day suspension, and a 15-day suspension.
Initiating and/or requiring employees or staff to participate in unauthorized field trips and/or seminars is an offense.
Initiating and/or requiring employees or staff to participate in unauthorized field trips and/or seminars is punishable by dismissal.
Participating in unauthorized field trips and/or seminars with or without a fee is an offense.
Participating in unauthorized field trips and/or seminars with or without a fee is punishable by a 5-day suspension and dismissal.
Selling or causing the selling of items or merchandise or transacting unofficial business within the school premises is an offense.
Selling or causing the selling of items or merchandise or transacting unofficial business within the school premises is punishable by dismissal.
Offering unauthorized private services, professional or otherwise, directly or indirectly, to students, faculty members, or employees is an offense.
Offering unauthorized private services, professional or otherwise, directly or indirectly, to students, faculty members, or employees is punishable by dismissal.
Accepting or soliciting favors, gifts, or donations in cash or in kind from any person or outside entities is an offense.
Accepting or soliciting favors, gifts, or donations in cash or in kind from any person or outside entities is punishable by dismissal.
Using the trust relationship existing between the parties to obtain favors, gifts, or donations is an offense.
Using the trust relationship existing between the parties to obtain favors, gifts, or donations is punishable by dismissal.
Exerting undue influence over other co-workers to obtain favors, gifts, or donations is an offense.
Exerting undue influence over other co-workers to obtain favors, gifts, or donations is punishable by dismissal.
Distribution of questionnaires, surveys, and other instruments for data gathering by outside entities is an offense.
Distribution of questionnaires, surveys, and other instruments for data gathering by outside entities is punishable by a written warning, a 15-day suspension, and dismissal.
Using school resources and facilities during or outside office hours without prior written permission from the University through HR is an offense.
Borrowing money from subordinates is an offense.
Borrowing money from subordinates is punishable by a written warning, a 5-day suspension, and dismissal.
Incurring huge personal financial obligations by using one’s connection or position with the National University as basis is an offense.
Creditors may harass the National University, its officers, or employees with frequent reminders and notices about such financial obligations of the faculty member or employee.
The sanction for incurring huge personal financial obligations is a Written Warning, a 5-day Suspension, or Dismissal if harassment from creditors persists.
Asking maintenance, co-workers, subordinates, or other staff to do personal chores or unofficial or unauthorized tasks is an offense.
The sanction for asking staff to do personal chores or unauthorized tasks is a Written Warning, a 5-day Suspension, or Dismissal.
Interference with the work performance of other employees is an offense.
The sanction for interference with the work performance of other employees is a Written Warning, a 5-day Suspension, or Dismissal.
Insubordination, including failure to comply with any work assignment issued by management or the supervisor, is an offense.
The sanction for insubordination is Dismissal.
Refusal to obey lawful orders (verbal or written), instructions, or official directives is an offense.
Willful disregard of or disrespect for authority is also an offense.
The sanction for refusal to obey lawful orders or disrespect for authority is Dismissal.
Refusal to wear the employee’s ID within the campus or failure to wear it properly is an offense.
The sanction for refusal to wear the employee’s ID is a Written Reprimand, a Written Warning, or a 15-day Suspension.
Refusal to abide by the Dress Code is an offense.
The sanction for refusal to abide by the Dress Code is a Written Reprimand, a Written Warning, or a 15-day Suspension.
Threatening, intimidating, coercing, or harassing a fellow employee, school official, or anybody inside or outside campus at any time is an offense.
The sanction for threatening or harassing is Dismissal.
Disorderly conduct, horseplay, or any other behavior that is dangerous and disruptive is an offense.
The sanction for disorderly conduct is Dismissal.
Fighting with, instigating a fight with, assaulting, or inflicting (even slight) physical injury or bodily harm to a fellow employee, school official, or anybody inside or outside campus is an offense.
The sanction for fighting or inflicting bodily harm is Dismissal.
The offense of fighting during off-campus National University sponsored activities is subject to sanctions irrespective of who started or initiated the fight.
Taking the life of a school official, employee, or anybody willfully or through gross negligence within the National University premises or on school property at any time, including during off-campus sponsored activities, results in dismissal.
Defamation, which includes libel, slander, or public imputation of a crime, vice, defect, or act tending to cause dishonor or discredit to a school official, student, or co-employee, results in dismissal.
Disrespect, insulting, or using profane, insolent, obscene, abusive, or indecent language against a school official, co-employee, student, or visitor results in dismissal.
Committing cybercrimes against any person through the Internet, including platforms such as Web, Facebook, Messenger, Twitter, E-mail, and Instagram, results in dismissal.
Committing criminal acts whether inside or outside the National University premises results in dismissal.
Mishandling or careless or improper use of university property or equipment, including keys, results in a 5-day suspension or dismissal.
Mishandling or gross negligence resulting in injury or loss of life/limb or damage to and/or loss of property results in dismissal, plus restitution of property.
Deliberate or malicious destruction of school property or property belonging to students, customers, and fellow employees results in dismissal, plus restitution of property.
Unofficial or unauthorized use of university facilities, equipment, space, or building results in a written reprimand, a 5-day suspension, or dismissal.
The offense of theft or pilferage of equipment, materials, supplies, or any school resources at National University results in dismissal.
Stealing money or any property of a fellow employee or any student at National University results in dismissal.
Destroying or attempting to destroy National University records to conceal irregular or illicit transactions to the prejudice of National University results in dismissal.
Tampering with the biometrics or related time-keeping equipment to cause it to malfunction at National University results in dismissal.
The use of unlicensed software in any school equipment at National University results in dismissal.
Copying, selling, or pirating licensed software at National University results in dismissal.
Unauthorized use of equipment to develop unauthorized software, programs, or systems for a fee or without a fee at National University results in dismissal.
Spreading viruses or using school equipment such as computers and DVDs or equivalent technology to view pornographic materials at National University results in dismissal.
Engaging in computer games and other similar acts in violation of IT Use Policies at National University results in dismissal.
Unauthorized revision or reproduction of systems, computer programs, systems configurations, or settings in violation of IT Use Policies at National University results in dismissal.
Unauthorized reproduction, distribution, or selling of National University proprietary training or instructional materials or any related documents results in dismissal.
Driving the University motor pool vehicle without authority or allowing an unauthorized person to drive the same at National University results in dismissal.
Unauthorized use of the University logo and other corporate emblems, signage, or trademarks at National University results in dismissal.
Failure to maintain the confidentiality of trade secrets or other confidential information belonging to the National University or its customers is an offense.
The sanction for failure to maintain the confidentiality of trade secrets or other confidential information is dismissal.
Using the National University privileged information or confidential data as a subject in theses, dissertations, informal studies, and the like without prior written permission is an offense.
Conducting a study or publishing the results of a study prejudicial to the good name and/or reputation of the National University is an offense.
The sanction for using privileged information or confidential data without prior written permission or conducting a prejudicial study is dismissal.
Disorderly conduct or serious misconduct inside or outside the National University campus is an offense.
The sanctions for disorderly conduct or serious misconduct are a 5-day suspension, a 15-day suspension, and dismissal.
Any indecent conduct and sexual immorality in relation to students, fellow employees, or any outsider is an offense.
Indecent conduct includes homosexual activities, extramarital affairs, acts of lasciviousness, lewdness, sexual advances, sexual perversion, and the like.
The sanction for any indecent conduct and sexual immorality is dismissal.
Indecent acts or willful indecent exposure is an offense.
The sanction for indecent acts or willful indecent exposure is dismissal.
Smoking inside the school campus or within the 30-meter radius of the National University is an offense.
The sanctions for smoking inside the school campus or within the 30-meter radius are a written warning, a 5-day suspension, and a 15-day suspension.
Gambling or taking part in any game of chance for money within the university premises is an offense.
The sanction for gambling or taking part in any game of chance for money is dismissal.
Drunkenness, intoxication, or intake of alcoholic drinks during office hours is an offense.
Arriving in the school premises under the influence of liquor or prohibited drugs or regulated drugs is also an offense.
The sanction for drunkenness, intoxication, or arriving under the influence is dismissal.
Offense 8.7 involves possessing, using, or selling liquor or prohibited drugs or regulated drugs without a prescription.
The sanction for offense 8.7 is dismissal.
Offense 8.8 involves illegal manufacture, distribution, or dispensing of illegal drugs or un-prescribed controlled substances.
The sanction for offense 8.8 is dismissal.
Offense 8.9 involves reporting for work with illegal drugs or un-prescribed controlled substances in the body.
The sanction for offense 8.9 is dismissal.
Section 9 addresses sexual harassment cases.
Grave offenses in sexual harassment cases shall include, but are not limited to: unwanted touching of private parts of the body, which includes genitalia, buttocks, and breast.
Grave offenses in sexual harassment cases shall include, but are not limited to: sexual assault.
Grave offenses in sexual harassment cases shall include, but are not limited to: malicious touching.
Grave offenses in sexual harassment cases shall include, but are not limited to: requesting sexual favors in exchange for employment, promotion, local or foreign travels, favorable working conditions or assignments, a passing grade, the granting of honors or scholarship, or the grant of benefits or payment of a stipend or allowance.
Grave offenses in sexual harassment cases shall include, but are not limited to: other analogous cases.
The sanction for grave offenses in sexual harassment cases is dismissal.
Less grave offenses in sexual harassment cases shall include, but are not limited to: unwanted touching or brushing against a victim’s body.
Less grave offenses in sexual harassment cases shall include, but are not limited to: pinching not falling under grave offenses.
Less grave offenses in sexual harassment cases shall include, but are not limited to: derogatory or degrading remarks or innuendoes directed toward the members of one sex or one’s sexual orientation or used to describe a person.
Less grave offenses in sexual harassment cases shall include, but are not limited to: verbal abuse with sexual overtones.
Less grave offenses in sexual harassment cases shall include, but are not limited to: other analogous cases.
The sanction for less grave offenses in sexual harassment cases is a maximum of 6 months of punitive suspension.
Light Offenses shall include surreptitiously looking or staring at a look of a person’s private part or worn undergarments.
Light Offenses shall include telling sexist or smutty jokes.
Light Offenses shall include sending sexist or smutty jokes through text, electronic mail, or other similar means.
Sending sexist or smutty jokes may cause embarrassment or offense.
Sending sexist or smutty jokes may be carried out after the offender has been advised that they are offensive or embarrassing.
Sending sexist or smutty jokes may be carried out even without such advice when they are by their nature clearly embarrassing, offensive, or vulgar.
Light Offenses shall include malicious leering or ogling.
Light Offenses shall include the display of sexually offensive pictures, materials, or graffiti.
Light Offenses shall include unwelcome inquiries or comments about a person’s sex life.
Light Offenses shall include unwelcome sexual flirtation, advances, or propositions.
Light Offenses shall include making offensive hand or body gestures at an employee.
Light Offenses shall include persistent unwanted attention with sexual overtones.
Light Offenses shall include unwelcome phone calls with sexual overtones causing discomfort, embarrassment, offense, or insult to the receiver.
Light Offenses shall include other analogous cases.
The sanction for Light Offenses may include a written reprimand.
The sanction for Light Offenses may include a maximum of 6 months of punitive suspension.
The sanction for Light Offenses may include dismissal.
Disregard of safety rules and common safety practices inherent to the job is an offense against security regulations.
The sanction for disregard of safety rules and common safety practices may include a 5-day suspension.
The sanction for disregard of safety rules and common safety practices may include dismissal.
The offense of persistent non-observance of good housekeeping or office/plant/warehouse orderliness and cleanliness results in a written warning for the 1st offense.
The offense of persistent non-observance of good housekeeping or office/plant/warehouse orderliness and cleanliness results in a 5-day suspension for the 2nd offense.
The offense of persistent non-observance of good housekeeping or office/plant/warehouse orderliness and cleanliness results in dismissal for the 3rd offense.
The offense of refusal to submit one’s self and belongings to lawful inspection and/or search results in a written warning for the 1st offense.
The offense of refusal to submit one’s self and belongings to lawful inspection and/or search results in a 15-day suspension for the 2nd offense.
The offense of refusal to submit one’s self and belongings to lawful inspection and/or search results in dismissal for the 3rd offense.
The offense of using another employee’s ID or permitting another to use one’s ID to enter the premises results in a 5-day suspension for the 1st offense.
The offense of using another employee’s ID or permitting another to use one’s ID to enter the premises results in dismissal for the 2nd offense.
The offense of unlawful and/or unauthorized interceding for someone undergoing thorough inspection or investigation by security personnel results in a written warning for the 1st offense.
The offense of unlawful and/or unauthorized interceding for someone undergoing thorough inspection or investigation by security personnel results in a 5-day suspension for the 2nd offense.
The offense of unlawful and/or unauthorized interceding for someone undergoing thorough inspection or investigation by security personnel results in dismissal for the 3rd offense.
The offense of possession, use of, or attempting to smuggle deadly weapons, firearms, ammunition, explosives or fireworks inside the school premises results in dismissal.
The offense of failure to observe the Safety Protocols inside the University or in transit using shuttle service which could endanger oneself, co-workers and/or students results in a verbal/written reprimand for the 1st offense.
The offense of failure to observe the Safety Protocols inside the University or in transit using shuttle service which could endanger oneself, co-workers and/or students results in a suspension of 1-3 days for the 2nd offense.
The offense of failure to observe the Safety Protocols inside the University or in transit using shuttle service which could endanger oneself, co-workers and/or students results in a suspension of 3-5 days for the 3rd offense.
The offense of failure to observe the Safety Protocols inside the University or in transit using shuttle service which could endanger oneself, co-workers and/or students results in a suspension of 5-7 days for the 4th offense.
The offense of failure to observe the Safety Protocols inside the University or in transit using shuttle service which could endanger oneself, co-workers and/or students results in dismissal for the 5th offense.
The offense of willful non-observance of the Safety Protocols inside the University or in transit using shuttle service which could endanger oneself, co-workers and/or students results in a written reprimand for the 1st offense.
The offense of willful non-observance of the Safety Protocols inside the University or in transit using shuttle service which could endanger oneself, co-workers and/or students results in a suspension of 1-3 days for the 2nd offense.
The offense of willful non-observance of the Safety Protocols inside the University or in transit using shuttle service which could endanger oneself, co-workers and/or students results in a suspension of 3-5 days for the 3rd offense.
The offense of willful non-observance of the Safety Protocols inside the University or in transit using shuttle service which could endanger oneself, co-workers and/or students results in a suspension of 5-7 days for the 4th offense.
The offense of willful non-observance of the Safety Protocols inside the University or in transit using shuttle service which could endanger oneself, co-workers and/or students results in dismissal for the 5th offense.
The offense of failure to secure Fit-to-Work prior to reporting back to work results in a written reprimand for the 1st offense.
The offense of failure to secure Fit-to-Work prior to reporting back to work results in a suspension of 1-3 days for the 2nd offense.
The offense of failure to secure Fit-to-Work prior to reporting back to work results in a suspension of 3-5 days for the 3rd offense.
The offense of failure to secure Fit-to-Work prior to reporting back to work results in dismissal for the 4th offense.
The offense of failure to secure Fit-to-Work prior to reporting back to work results in dismissal for the 5th offense.
The first offense sanction is a suspension of 5-7 days.
The second offense sanction is unspecified.
The third offense sanction is unspecified.
Non-compliance with laws of the land is an offense.
Non-compliance includes but is not limited to just causes for discipline and termination.
Just causes for discipline and termination are provided for under the Labor Code.
Just causes for discipline and termination are provided for under the Manual of Regulations for Private Higher Education Institutions.
Other directives and policies not specified in the schedule of general disciplinary sanctions shall be dealt with on a case-to-case basis.
The Discipline Committee has discretion as provided for under the Law.
National University promotes itself as an institution where people work and/or study together.
National University is a reputable institution.
National University seeks to promote harmonious relations between all employees, teaching and administrative support personnel, and the students.
The University believes that the professional relationship between a student and an employee is vital to the achievement of the student’s educational development.
The interest and welfare of the students are the faculty member’s primary concern.
Faculty members instruct and guide students conscientiously in the pursuit of knowledge and development of positive attitudes and skills.
Students should be respected as persons.
Guidelines pertinent to the Law on Sexual Harassment are to be observed.
National University strongly advises all employees to maintain professionalism in their dealings with students.
National University expects its employees to abide by the guidelines.
Employees are expected to socialize and develop professional relationships for effective functioning of the workplace.
Professional relationships should not interfere with the work performance of the employees and/or relationship with the student.
All employees, teaching and non-teaching personnel, should maintain a respectable distance with the students.
Employees are strongly advised not to enter a personal or intimate relationship with any student.
Personal or intimate relationships with students can involve serious risks and may lead to various difficulties.
If a situation exists, then the employee shall immediately inform the immediate superior about it.
The employee will be dealt with appropriately.
Employees are constrained to enter any situation that would be a cause of allegations for conflict of interest and inappropriate behavior.
Examples of inappropriate behavior include solicitation of financial help, borrowing money, and asking favors.
Any violation of the above may subject National University employees to corrective or disciplinary actions.
Corrective or disciplinary actions may include termination of employment.
The corrective or disciplinary action to be imposed will be consistent with the policies and processes stated in this Manual.
Loyalty, mutual trust, professionalism, and honesty are required in the successful implementation of the University’s objectives.
These qualities should characterize all members of the teaching staff.
Professional ethics demand that confidential information concerning a colleague or the University be kept inviolate.
Faculty rooms are for the use of the faculty for reading and preparation of lessons.
A quiet atmosphere in the Faculty Room should be maintained in due respect to all members.
Faculty members must not entertain students in the faculty room.
Faculty is prohibited from selling any merchandise within the campus, even to a fellow faculty.
This prohibition is to preserve the intellectual and academic environment in the University.
All employees, teaching and non-teaching personnel, of National University shall be treated with equal importance.
All employees contribute to the overall achievement of the vision, mission, goals, and objectives of the institution.
No one shall be considered inferior, and all have equal rights and responsibilities.
All personnel, whether teaching or non-teaching, shall be motivated towards one vision and one mission.
All personnel shall collaborate to achieve and maintain an atmosphere of oneness and teamwork within the University.
Employees will be required to disclose any covered romantic relationships in the course of their duty in the University.
Disclosure of romantic relationships shall be made to avoid possible future conflict within the organization.
Each employee has a role in the University.
Employees are constrained to enter any situation with any of the Teaching Personnel that would be a cause of allegations for conflict of interest and inappropriate behavior.
Examples of inappropriate behavior include solicitation of financial help, borrowing money, and asking favors.
All faculty of National University shall contribute their share towards promoting and maintaining close coordination between administration and non-teaching personnel.
All faculty of National University shall show proper respect in all direct or indirect contacts with the administrators.
All faculty of National University shall use proper channels and observe protocols in the discharge of all school business and operations.
All written communications shall be signed by the Director of the unit or the Dean of the College/School.
An employee of National University, whether teaching or Administrative Support Personnel, shall perform the duties of citizenship.
An employee of National University shall participate in activities with due consideration of their obligations to the students and their families.
An employee of National University shall actively participate in activities and programs that will advance the University’s objectives.
An employee of National University shall actively participate in activities and programs that will advance the community and national goals.
The use of the University’s name in any commercial transaction needs authorization by the proper University officials.
National University provides continuous employment and a stable source of income and benefits.
National University shall not stand in the way of those seeking better opportunities outside National University.
National University shall not oblige itself to maintain a workforce that is unproductive either by economic reasons or performance inefficiency.
Employees shall be allowed to voluntarily resign from their work.
National University can resort to involuntary separation of faculty when the situation calls for operation downsizing.
National University can resort to involuntary separation of faculty when the situation calls for reengineering or reorganization.
National University can resort to involuntary separation of faculty when the situation calls for abolition of the position.
National University can resort to involuntary separation of faculty when the situation calls for closure of some operations.
National University shall terminate those who perform below expectations.
National University shall terminate those who cannot comply with its rules and regulations, all within the provisions of the law.
An employee is considered separated from service due to voluntary resignation.
An employee is considered separated from service due to retirement, whether early or compulsory.
An employee is considered separated from service due to termination for cause.
Redundancy is one of the terms mentioned.
Retrenchment is one of the terms mentioned.
Death while in service is one of the terms mentioned.
Medically retired as provided by law is one of the terms mentioned.
A benefit package shall be given to employees who retire.
A benefit package shall be given to employees who are retired.
A benefit package shall be given to employees who are medically retired.
A benefit package shall be given to employees who are retrenched.
A benefit package shall be given to employees who died in service.
A benefit package shall be given to employees who are affected by redundancy as provided by the Labor Code.
All separation from service must be covered by documents.
The documents required for separation from service include a resignation letter.
The documents required for separation from service include acceptance of resignation.
The documents required for separation from service include an application for retirement.
The documents required for separation from service include a notice of termination.
The documents required for separation from service include a doctor’s recommendation for medical grounds.
The documents required for separation from service include a DOLE separation or termination notice.
The documents required for separation from service include a clearance form.
The documents required for separation from service include a quit claim.
An employee may terminate the employee-employer relationship without just cause.
An employee must submit a written notice to the Dean, Program Chair, or Coordinator at least 30 days from the date of termination.
For employees who voluntarily leave National University, a written notice must be filed thirty days prior to the effective date of resignation.
Letters of resignation must be addressed to the immediate superior.
The immediate superior must acknowledge receipt and signify acceptance of the resignation.
A copy of the signed letter should be forwarded to HR within twenty-four hours from receipt and acceptance to signal processing of clearance.
Management reserves the right to require the resigning employee to render the 30-day notice.
HR shall conduct an exit interview of the resigning employee before the clearance is signed by the HR Lead or AVP for HR.
An employee who resigns from service for any cause other than disciplinary reasons and wishes to reapply shall be treated as a new applicant.
The usual probationary period of employment is required for a new applicant.
Without a formal notice, National University may hold the employee liable for damages.
The National University reserves the right to terminate an employee’s services due to serious violation of rules and regulations as defined in the National University Code of Conduct.
The National University reserves the right to terminate an employee’s services due to failure to attain satisfactory performance as provided by the Standard Performance Evaluation System.
The National University reserves the right to terminate an employee’s services due to abandonment of work or AWOL for six consecutive working days without valid or justifiable reason.
Abandonment of work or AWOL for six consecutive working days without valid or justifiable reason shall be meted appropriate disciplinary sanction up to dismissal.
All termination for cause must follow the procedure as provided by Law.
Employees retire when they have reached sixty years of age.
Employees may opt for an early retirement if they have served National University for at least ten continuous years on a full-time basis.
Employees may opt for an early retirement if they have reached the age of fifty.
Management must approve the request for early retirement.
Employees who die before reaching the age of sixty while in service shall be entitled to bereavement benefits as provided for in Chapter 7, Section 14 of this Manual.
Employees who die before reaching the age of sixty while in service shall be entitled to bereavement benefits as provided for in the conditions set forth in the National University Group Life Insurance Policy.
A Medical Certificate on the cause of death is required to process the bereavement benefits.
A Death Certificate is required to process the bereavement benefits.
The National University physician shall determine the disability status of an employee.
It is a just cause for termination if a faculty member is found to be suffering from illness which by law prohibits the faculty member from discharging duties.
It is a just cause for termination if continued employment would be prejudicial to the health of the faculty member as well as the health of colleagues.
A certification by a registered public or competent physician confirming that a disease/disability cannot be cured within six months even with sufficient medication and treatment shall be a requirement prior to termination of employment.
The final recommendation of the Director of Health Services shall formalize the faculty’s disability status.
The final recommendation of the Director of Health Services shall serve as a requirement for benefits.
Management may declare certain job positions redundant due to streamlining of operations.
Management may declare certain job positions redundant due to changes in procedures and processes from manual to automation.
Management may declare certain job positions redundant due to other valid reasons stipulated by law.
In the case of redundancy, Human Resources shall serve a thirty (30) day notice before the effective date of redundancy.
Employees whose positions are declared redundant may be given the choice to stay with National University.
Employees may stay with National University on the condition that other departments can absorb them.
Separated employees are entitled to the benefits provided for by law.
Employees who opt to stay must accept changes in their employment classification and/or position once transferred.
The law on diminution of pay will be observed for employees who opt to stay.
Without available positions, affected employees will be separated.
An employee may be severed from work for economic reasons or failing financial performance/enrollment.
An employee may be severed from work due to downsizing.
An employee may be severed from work due to cost saving measures.
A formal notice shall be served to the affected employee thirty (30) days prior to retrenchment.
Full-time employees are required to devote their whole time and attention in the service of National University.
National University does not allow full-time employees to take on outside employment, also known as 'moonlighting'.
National University reserves the right to subject the employee to disciplinary action such as dismissal.
Human Resources may find the employee guilty of 'moonlighting'.
Once the signed and accepted resignation letter is received by the Human Resources Office, the Human Resources Office will inform immediately the Payroll Office to hold the processing of the payroll of the said employee.
National University adopts the policy 'Last Pay Pending Clearance'.
Resigned employees shall receive their last paycheck upon the compliance of the following.
The first requirement for compliance is the submission of clearance to the Human Resources Office and Accounting Department.
The second requirement for compliance is the completion of an exit interview.
The third requirement for compliance is the surrender of the National University ID.
The fourth requirement for compliance is the surrender of the Employee Manual.
The fifth requirement for compliance is the surrender of the BDO ATM Card.
The sixth requirement for compliance is the surrender of the HMO Card if any.
The seventh requirement for compliance is the submission of any pending liquidation of cash advances.
The resigned employee shall visit the following Offices included in the Clearance Signing.
The Human Resources Office is the last Office to visit when all have been signed.
The Administrative Support Personnel includes ITRO for unreturned equipment.
The Administrative Support Personnel includes Accounting for unliquidated expenses.
The Administrative Support Personnel includes Payroll for government ID number concern.
The Administrative Support Personnel includes Learning Resource Center for unreturned books.
The Teaching Personnel includes ITRO for unreturned equipment.
The Teaching Personnel includes Accounting for unliquidated expenses.
The Teaching Personnel includes Payroll for government ID number concern.
The Teaching Personnel includes Human Resource for pre-employment requirement of newly hired, Annual Physical Exam (APE) for full-time faculty, Exit Interview, etc.
The Teaching Personnel includes Learning Resource Center for unreturned books.
The Teaching Personnel includes Registrar for non-submission of grades.
The Teaching Personnel includes Dean’s Office for academic requirements.
The compliance shall be completed not later than fifteen (15) days from the effectivity of the separation.
Failure to comply may mean delay in the release of the Last Pay.
Only upon the submission of the duly signed Clearance form shall the Human Resources Office endorse the processing of the last pay to the Payroll Office.
This Manual has run through all possible policies and guidelines for the employees and management.
The Manual does not have to be static and beyond repose.
Any changes that will bring about beneficial changes to the organization shall be welcome and made.
The Human Resource Office shall have the responsibility to annually review the contents of this Manual.
The Human Resource Office shall seek the upper management for approval on any changes in the policies and provisions in this Manual.
The changes shall be based on any legislations passed.
The changes shall be based on other new labor rules and regulations issued by the Department of Labor and Employment.
Any changes in this Manual shall be made in writing.
Any changes in this Manual shall be signed by the Assistant Vice President for Human Resource.
Any changes in this Manual shall be signed by the President of the University.
No part of this original manual shall be amended and deleted.
The changes shall be communicated in the form of a Policy Memo.
The changes shall be made part of and attached to this Manual as an annex.
The Policy Memorandum shall follow the guidelines set forth by the Quality Management Office.
The Policy Memorandum shall include the date of approval.
The Policy Memorandum shall include the document number.
The Policy Memorandum shall include the signatures of the approvers.
Any changes in this Faculty Manual shall be tracked and monitored using the QMO Policy Change Monitoring Form.
NU stands for National University.
CHED stands for Commission on Higher Education.
NCAA stands for National Collegiate Athletic Association.
UAAP stands for University Athletic Association of the Philippines.
PACU stands for Philippine Association of Colleges and Universities.
ASAHIL stands for Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning.
IAU stands for International Association of Universities.
CEO stands for Chief Executive Officer.
VP stands for Vice President.
NPC stands for National Privacy Commission.
TESDA stands for Technical Education and Skills Development Authority.
ISO stands for International Organization for Standardization.
PACUCOA stands for Philippine Association of Colleges and Universities Commission on Accreditation.
HR stands for Human Resource.
MRF stands for Manpower Request Form.
CV stands for Curriculum vitae.
SPES stands for Standard Performance Evaluation System.
ME stands for Meets Expectation.
BDO stands for Banco de Oro.
ATM stands for Automated teller machine.
ID stands for Identity document.
ASP stands for Administrative Support Personnel.
OB stands for Official Business.
OT stands for Overtime.
SSS stands for Social Security System.
HDMF stands for Home Development Mutual Fund.
CBA stands for Collective Bargaining Agreement.
BIR stands for Bureau of Internal Revenue.
SSS stands for Social Security System.
SM stands for Savings and Loan Association.
DOLE stands for Department of Labor and Employment.
AWOL stands for Absent without official Leave.
NUIS stands for NU Information System.
PERAA stands for Private Education Retirement Annuity Association.
HMO stands for Health Maintenance Organization.
FDP stands for Faculty Development Program.
TOS stands for Terms of Service.
OTE stands for Online Teacher Evaluation.
NDD stands for National Direct Dialing.
IDD stands for International Direct Dialing.
TOR stands for Transcript of Records.
SO stands for Special Order.
KRA stands for Key Responsibility Areas.
EXECOM stands for Executive Committee.
MANCOM stands for Management Committee.
IRR stands for Implementing Rules and Regulations.
NPC stands for National Privacy Commission.
PMP stands for Privacy Management Program.
PIA stands for Privacy Impact Assessment.
HMO stands for Health Maintenance Organization.
TNA stands for Training Needs Analysis.
PDP stands for Personnel Development Plan.
NTSP stands for National Training Service Program.
TIN stands for Taxpayer Identification Number.
OSH stands for Occupational Safety and Health.
HESACom stands for Health and Safety Committee.
PAN stands for Personnel Action Notice.
The confidentiality agreement states that as an employee of National University, the employee may have access to confidential information.
The confidential information is needed to perform job duties and responsibilities.
Vital and confidential information, documents, and records of National University must be treated with utmost confidentiality.
Confidential information must not be utilized for an employee’s personal benefit or gain.
Confidential information must not be divulged to unauthorized persons or entities connected with National University.
If an employee is in custody of confidential records, the employee must safeguard the confidentiality of any information in such records.
The employee must also safeguard information conveyed to the employee in confidence.
Examples of records classified as confidential include personnel records, salary records, examination papers, students’ records and grades, performance evaluation results, medical records, office memoranda, and psychological test reports.
The employee agrees that the employee cannot and must not divulge or provide access to confidential information to persons without proper authorization.
The employee is not allowed to access confidential information without seeking proper authorization.
Any questions or clarifications regarding confidential information should be addressed to the employee's supervisor or any Human Resource representative.
The employee agrees to abide by the terms of the confidentiality agreement.
The employee consents to the processing, release, and retention of personal information.
The personal information is defined by the Data Privacy Act of 2012.
The Data Privacy Act of 2012 is also known as R.A. 10173.
The employee agrees to provide personal information to the National University.
The personal information will be processed concerning the employee's application or employment in the University.
The processing of personal information will be done per the privacy statement of the National University.
The processing will also follow the policies and procedures of the National University.
This agreement shall be valid from the date the personal information is collected.
The agreement will remain valid until the period of personal information disposal as stated in the University privacy policies.
The agreement will also remain valid until the employee submits a written revocation or cancellation of this agreement to the University.
The validity of the agreement is determined by whichever comes first between the two conditions.
By signing the Consent Form, the employee acknowledges that they have fully read and understood the context of the Data Privacy Statement and Policy of the National University.
The employee must provide their printed name and signature on the Consent Form.
The employee must also provide the date on the Consent Form.
The current National University Employee Manual has been received by the employee.
The employee has read the material covered in the National University Employee Manual.
The employee has understood the material covered in the National University Employee Manual.
The employee has had the opportunity to ask questions about the policies and guidelines in the National University Employee Manual.
The employee understands that any future questions about the National University Employee Manual or its contents will be answered by Human Resources or the designated representative upon request.
The employee agrees to and will comply with the policies, rules, regulations, procedures, and other guidelines set forth in the National University Employee Manual.
The employee is aware that should the employee violate any of the provisions in the National University Employee Manual, the employee will be subjected to disciplinary action in accordance with the penalties set forth.
The employee acknowledges that neither the National University Employee Manual nor its contents are an express or implied contract regarding the employee's employment.
The employee understands that National University reserves the right to revise, modify, or abolish any or all the policies, benefits, rules, and regulations contained or described in the National University Employee Manual as it deems appropriate, with or without notice.
The National University Employee Manual is property of National University.
The National University Employee Manual must be returned upon separation from National University.
The employee agrees to the terms outlined in the National University Employee Manual.
The employee's printed name and signature are required.
The NU Human Resource Representative's signature is required.
The date of agreement is required.
ANNEX A is a section title.
ANNEX A refers to the National University Organizational Structure.
The Academic Operations Division aims to implement effective shared service approaches.
The goal of the Academic Operations Division is to attain enhanced program and service quality.
The goal of the Academic Operations Division is to improve operational activities.
The goal of the Academic Operations Division is to ensure consistent approaches and levels of expertise across the different NU campuses.
Developing and refining policies and processes for university-wide academic operations lies at the core of the Academic Operations Division's mission.
Proposals for new academic programs undergo rigorous review by the Academic Operations Division.
The Academic Operations Division submits proposals for new academic programs to the Executive Committee for final decision.
The Academic Operations Division implements a system of regular evaluation and monitoring for faculty ranking.
The Administrative Services Division is in charge of promoting and implementing the strategic plans to support campus operations.
The Administrative Services Division initiates and implements best and effective practices in administrative functions.
The Administrative Services Division leads, directs, and monitors the units under the Office to achieve maximum output.
The Administrative Services Division ensures resolutions of concerns affecting the school and academic operations.
The Administrative Services Division promotes the welfare of its people.
The Administrative Services Division creates a pleasant work environment for the faculty and other employees.
The Corporate Affairs Division is in charge of site development and expansions.
The Corporate Affairs Division handles future business development for the campuses.
Future business development for the campuses includes new programs and revenue generators.
The Corporate Affairs Division complements the student population growth with NU Main's physical facilities capacity.
The Corporate Affairs Division assists in securing authority to offer programs from CHED and the Department of Education for the new campuses.
The Corporate Affairs Division coordinates with the QMO.
The Finance Services Division is primarily responsible for managing the operations of the Finance Division.
The Finance Services Division reviews and approves all disbursements based on the authority matrix.
The Finance Services Division evaluates the performance of direct reports and mentors if needed.
The Finance Services Division interprets the result of operations to the management periodically.
The Finance Services Division champions any cost efficiency initiatives.
The Information Technology Division is responsible for the overall planning, organizing, and execution of all IT functions and technology resources across campuses.
The Information Technology Division directs all IT operations to meet the stakeholders' requirements.
The Information Technology Division supports and maintains existing applications.
The Division will lead the direction of achieving the University's goal on key digital transformation.
The Unit is primarily responsible for hiring new employees.
The Unit is responsible for hiring Administrative Support Personnel.
The Unit is responsible for hiring teaching personnel.
The hiring process involves screening and attracting the right candidates for available positions.
The Unit is in charge of all human resource related concerns.
The Unit is responsible for initiatives, situations, and support for the institution.
The Unit promotes performance monitoring, evaluation, and improvement of personnel.
The Unit develops the service competencies of Administrative Support Personnel.
The Unit develops the service competencies of teaching personnel.
The Unit coordinates with the Academics Offices.
The Unit is responsible for keeping, controlling, and maintaining all employee records and files.
The Quality Management Office is primarily responsible for the overall documents and manuals repository.
The Quality Management Office is in charge of policy formulation.
The Quality Management Office is in charge of policy review.
The Quality Management Office is in charge of policy control.
The Quality Management Office is in charge of policy dissemination.
The Quality Management Office is in charge of regular internal audits on policies and procedures.
The Quality Management Office ensures policies and protocols are being followed.
The Quality Management Office provides regular reports to the President on internal processes related concerns.
The Quality Management Office provides reports on situations related to the ISO accreditation.
The Quality Management Office provides reports on audit findings.
The Quality Management Office works on the accreditation and re-certification of programs for CHED.
The Quality Management Office works on the accreditation and re-certification of programs for TESDA.
The Quality Management Office works on the accreditation and re-certification of programs for PACUCOA.
The Quality Management Office works on the accreditation and re-certification of programs for international ranking bodies.
Operations in all campuses are led by the Vice President for Operations for NU Main.
Operations in all campuses are led by the Executive Director for other campuses.
The campus head is responsible for managing all aspects of the educational program.
The campus head is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the campus.
The campus head is responsible for the governance of the campus.
The campus head supports the campus planning and reporting process.
The campus head establishes a campus-wide vision of commitment to high standards and the success of all students.
The campus head is responsible for the implementation of policies relating to institutional governance.
The campus head is responsible for the implementation of policies relating to academic organization and governance.
The campus head is responsible for the implementation of quality management strategies and processes.
The campus head is responsible for directing the accreditation and re-certification of programs for CHED.
The campus head is responsible for directing the accreditation and re-certification of programs for PACUCOA.
The campus head is responsible for directing the accreditation and re-certification of programs for other regulatory agencies.
The NU Faculty Ranking System shall have two tracks.
The first track is the Academic Track.
A faculty is assigned to the Academic Track under the following conditions.
A faculty is employed full-time at NU.
A part-time faculty with previous and/or current full- or part-time work on teaching may be assigned to the Academic Track.
A part-time faculty without teaching, industry work experience, or licensure eligibility may not be assigned to the Academic Track.
The second track is the Industry Practitioner Track.
A faculty may be assigned to the Industry Practitioner Track if the faculty is a full-time industry practitioner.
A faculty may be assigned to the Industry Practitioner Track if the faculty is employed as a part-time faculty of NU.
A faculty assigned to the Industry Practitioner Track must teach courses aligned with the faculty's industry experience.
Each track has assigned academic ranks with defined criteria for qualification.
Failing to satisfy any requirement for a given rank shall disqualify a faculty from being assigned to that rank.
Guidelines for the Academic Track state that faculty should possess the relevant undergraduate degree for the assigned discipline.
Faculty handling courses under programs with licensure examinations should possess a valid PRC license.
Teaching experience should be at least Senior High School Level for programs under CHED.
Relevant industry experience refers to a work assignment in the program or the discipline the faculty is expected to teach.
The earned degree in an allied or aligned program shall be the one specified in the program's CHED Policies, Standards and Guidelines.
The following academic degrees with licensure eligibility are classified as 'Special Degrees.'
Graduates of the BS Architecture program take at least six years before they are eligible to take the licensure or board examination.
Graduates of the Bachelor of Laws program have corresponding Bar Eligibility.
Graduates of the Doctor of Dental Medicine program take at least six years before they are eligible to take the licensure or board examination.
Graduates of the Doctor of Medicine program take at least six years before they are eligible to take the licensure or board examination.
Graduates of the Doctor of Optometry program take at least six years before they are eligible to take the licensure or board examination.
Graduates of the Doctor of Veterinary Medicine program take at least six years before they are eligible to take the licensure or board examination.
Degrees bestowed by another educational institution, such as honorary degrees, are not considered completed degrees.
Degrees bestowed by another educational institution, such as honorary degrees, are excluded from academic qualification.
The Faculty Services Office shall evaluate if an earned 2-year post-baccalaureate degree or a postgraduate diploma or certificate can be a substitute for a master’s degree for the Assistant Professor 1 rank.
The OTE rating for on-board faculty shall be the average of the three most recent evaluations.
The most recent evaluation shall be considered for the SPES rating.
Only the Final OTE rating shall be considered in getting the average.
The Faculty Services Office (FSO) shall coordinate with the concerned offices in certifying the submitted documents to support the ranking application.
The Campus HRO is responsible for certifying academic and employment credentials.
The Campus COMEX is responsible for certifying community extension.
The OAVPRD is responsible for certifying research publications.
The Center for Innovation is responsible for certifying Technical Innovation and Commercialization.
The Academic Track Faculty Ranking Matrix outlines minimum qualifications and additional qualifications for various instructor ranks.
The minimum qualifications for Instructor 1 include a college degree in an aligned or allied program.
New faculty must have a Dean’s evaluation of at least 80 points.
On-board faculty must have an OTE rating of at least 5.00.
On-board faculty must have a SPES rating of at least 4.00.
For those with TESDA qualifications teaching only in TESDA programs, the minimum qualifications include being a graduate of the relevant TESDA program with certification or valid PRC license in the case of Dental Hygienist and Dental Technologist.
The minimum requirements for the level include completing at least nine units in an aligned or allied master’s program or Bachelor of Laws (LLB) program.
For faculty handling only TESDA courses, the minimum qualifications include at least one year of teaching experience in the program.
For faculty handling only TESDA courses, the minimum qualifications include completing at least 15 units in an aligned or allied master’s program or Bachelor of Laws (LLB) program.
For faculty handling only TESDA courses, the minimum qualifications include at least two years of teaching or relevant industry experience.
For faculty handling only TESDA courses, the minimum qualifications include at least three years of teaching experience in the program.
For faculty handling only TESDA courses, the minimum qualifications include completing the academic requirements in an aligned or allied master’s program or Bachelor of Laws (LLB) program.
For faculty handling only TESDA courses, the minimum qualifications include at least three years of teaching or relevant industry experience.
For faculty handling only TESDA courses, the minimum qualifications include at least five years of teaching experience in the program.
The minimum qualifications for Assistant Professor 1 include any of the following: a master’s degree aligned or allied to the program or special degrees classification with licensure eligibility.
New faculty must have a Dean’s evaluation of at least 85 points.
On-board faculty must have an OTE rating of at least 5.00.
On-board faculty must have a SPES rating of at least 5.00.
A 2-year post-baccalaureate degree or postgraduate diploma or certificate in the relevant discipline may be considered in lieu of a master’s degree for Assistant Professor 1.
The minimum requirements for the level include at least three years of teaching and/or relevant industry experience.
The minimum requirements for the level include at least one certified community service or institutional, college, or professional committee work within the last five years.
The minimum requirements for the level include at least four years of teaching and/or relevant industry experience.
The minimum requirements for the level include at least one certified community service or institutional, college, or professional committee work within the last five years.
The minimum requirements for the level include at least one scientific or creative work for the past five years.
The minimum requirements for the level include at least five years of teaching and/or relevant industry experience.
The minimum requirements for the level include at least one certified community service or institutional, college, or professional committee work within the last five years.
The minimum requirements for the level include at least two scientific or creative works for the past five years.
Attendance in at least one relevant seminar, training, or conference within a year of application is required.
Active membership in a professional organization is required.
The minimum qualifications for Associate Professor 1 include a Dean’s evaluation of at least 85 points for new faculty.
The minimum qualifications for Associate Professor 1 include an OTE rating of at least 6.00 for on-board faculty.
The minimum qualifications for Associate Professor 1 include a SPES rating of at least 5.00 for on-board faculty.
Active membership in a professional organization is required for Associate Professor 1.
At least one certified community service or institutional, college, or professional committee work within a year of application is required for Associate Professor 1.
At least one relevant external seminar, workshop speakership, or paper presentation within a year of application is required for Associate Professor 1.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 1: completed academic requirements in an aligned or allied doctoral program.
A doctoral degree in a program not aligned or allied to the discipline assignment is acceptable for Associate Professor 1.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 1: a Master’s degree in a related field.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 1: Fellow of a PRC-accredited Dental specialty.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 1: Fellow of a PRC-accredited Optometry specialty.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 1: Diplomate of a PRC-accredited Medical specialty.
At least six years of teaching and/or relevant industry experience is required for Associate Professor 1.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 2: a doctoral degree in an aligned or allied program.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 2: a Master’s degree in a related field.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 2: Fellow of a PRC-accredited Dental specialty.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 2: Fellow of a PRC-accredited Optometry specialty.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 2: Diplomate of a PRC-accredited Medical specialty.
At least six years of teaching and/or relevant industry experience is required for Associate Professor 2.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 2 for the past five years: at least one scientific or creative work published in a Scopus/ISI venue.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 2 for the past five years: technical innovation.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 2 for the past five years: ongoing commercialization or start-up project.
If the doctoral degree is not in an allied or aligned program of the assigned discipline, at least eight years of relevant teaching and/or relevant industry experience in the discipline is required.
Any of the following outputs aligned to the discipline for the past five years are required if the doctoral degree is not in an allied or aligned program of the assigned discipline.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 3: a doctoral degree in an aligned or allied program.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 3: a Master’s degree in a related field.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 3: Fellow of a PRC-accredited Dental specialty.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 3: Fellow of a PRC-accredited Optometry specialty.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 3: Diplomate of a PRC-accredited Medical specialty.
At least eight years of teaching and/or relevant industry experience is required for Associate Professor 3.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 3 for the past five years: at least two scientific or creative works published in a Scopus/ISI venue.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 3 for the past five years: technical innovation equivalent to two Scopus/ISI publications.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 3 for the past five years: ongoing commercialization or start-up project.
If the doctoral degree is not in an allied or aligned program of the assigned discipline, at least ten years of relevant teaching and/or relevant industry experience in the discipline is required.
Any of the following outputs aligned to the discipline for the past five years are required if the doctoral degree is not in an allied or aligned program of the assigned discipline.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 4: a doctoral degree in an aligned or allied program.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 4: a Master’s degree in a related field.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 4: Fellow of a PRC-accredited Dental specialty.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 4: Fellow of a PRC-accredited Optometry specialty.
For Special Degrees, any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 4: Diplomate of a PRC-accredited Medical specialty.
At least ten years of teaching and/or relevant industry experience is required for Associate Professor 4.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 4 for the past five years: at least three scientific or creative works published in a Scopus/ISI venue.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 4 for the past five years: technical innovation equivalent to three Scopus/ISI publications.
Any of the following qualifications are acceptable for Associate Professor 4 for the past five years: ongoing commercialization or start-up project.
If the doctoral degree is not in an allied or aligned program of the assigned discipline, at least twelve years of relevant teaching and/or relevant industry experience in the discipline is required.
Any of the following outputs aligned to the discipline for the past five years are required if the doctoral degree is not in an allied or aligned program of the assigned discipline.
At least two scientific or creative works must be published in a Scopus/ISI venue.
Technical innovation must be equivalent to two Scopus/ISI publications.
An approved commercialization or start-up project is required.
At least three scientific or creative works must be published in a Scopus/ISI venue.
Technical innovation must be equivalent to three Scopus/ISI publications.
An approved commercialization or start-up project is required.
At least four scientific or creative works must be published in a Scopus/ISI venue.
Technical innovation must be equivalent to four Scopus/ISI publications.
An approved commercialization or start-up project is required.
The minimum qualifications for Full Professor 1 include a doctoral degree in an aligned or allied program.
The minimum qualifications for Full Professor 1 include being a Diplomate of a PRC-accredited Dental or Optometry specialty.
The minimum qualifications for Full Professor 1 include being a Fellow in a Medical Specialty.
The minimum qualifications for Full Professor 1 include at least 12 years of teaching and/or relevant industry experience.
New faculty must have a Dean’s evaluation of at least 90 points.
On-board faculty must have an OTE rating of at least 6.00.
On-board faculty must have an SPES rating of at least 6.00.
Active membership in a professional organization is required.
At least one certified community service or institutional/college/professional committee work within a year of application is required.
At least one relevant external seminar/workshop speakership or paper presentation within a year of application is required.
For the past five years, at least four scientific or creative works must be published in a Scopus/ISI venue.
For the past five years, technical innovation must be equivalent to four Scopus/ISI publications.
For the past five years, an ongoing commercialization or start-up project is required.
For the past five years, at least six scientific or creative works must be published in a Scopus/ISI venue.
For the past five years, technical innovation must be equivalent to six Scopus/ISI publications.
For the past five years, an ongoing commercialization or start-up project is required.
Involvement in at least one completed externally funded project is required.
For the past five years, at least eight scientific or creative works must be published in a Scopus/ISI venue.
For the past five years, at least two Q1 publications are required.
For the past five years, technical innovation must be equivalent to eight Scopus/ISI publications.
For the past five years, an ongoing commercialization or start-up project is required.
Involvement in at least two externally funded projects within the last 10 years is required.
Holding a leadership position in an external organization is required.
For the past five years, at least ten scientific or creative works must be published in a Scopus/ISI venue.
For the past five years, technical innovation must be equivalent to ten Scopus/ISI publications.
For the past five years, an ongoing commercialization or start-up project is required.
At least three Q1 publications within the last five years are required.
Involvement in at least three externally funded projects within the last 15 years is required.
Holding a leadership position in an external organization is required.
Scientific output includes published research, paper presentation, completed IFRPP, and research project reports.
Unless specified, published research does not necessarily have to be indexed in Scopus or ISI.
Creative work includes literary, visual artwork, design, architectural work, software, and other manifestations of creative effort that have been published, acknowledged, presented, copyrighted, or registered.
Technical innovation includes patents, utility models, and trade secrets with specific equivalences.
One utility model is equivalent to two Scopus/ISI publications.
One patent or trade secret is equivalent to three Q1 publications.
One patent or trade secret is equivalent to two utility models or four Scopus/ISI publications.
Three patents equal one start-up or licensing for commercialization.
A leadership position includes any of the following: being an officer or board member of professional or national organizations.
A leadership position includes being on the editorial board of reputable journals.
A leadership position includes being a member of CHED RQAT.
A leadership position includes being a member of the CHED / DOST Technical Panel.
A leadership position includes being an accreditor of recognized accrediting agencies.
Copyright refers to original literary and artistic works.
Examples of copyrightable works include books and other writings.
Examples of copyrightable works include periodicals.
Examples of copyrightable works include lectures and addresses.
Examples of copyrightable works include letters.
Examples of copyrightable works include dramatic-musical compositions.
Examples of copyrightable works include musical compositions.
Examples of copyrightable works include drawings, paintings, architecture, and sculpture.
Examples of copyrightable works include ornamental designs and applied art.
Examples of copyrightable works include illustrations and maps.
Examples of copyrightable works include plastic works.
Examples of copyrightable works include photographs.
Examples of copyrightable works include audiovisual works.
Examples of copyrightable works include illustrations and advertisements.
Examples of copyrightable works include computer programs.
Examples of copyrightable works include other literary, scholarly, scientific, or artistic works.
A patent is any technical solution to a technical problem in any field of human activity.
A patent must be new, involve an inventive step, and be industrially applicable.
A patent may relate to a product, a process, or an improvement of any of the foregoing.
A utility model is subject to special provisions relating to utility models.
An invention qualifies for registration as a utility model if it is new and industrially applicable.
Section 21, 'Patentable Inventions', applies except for the reference to inventive step as a condition of protection.
A trade secret is the protection of undisclosed information.
Undisclosed information or trade secret includes any form or type of financial, business, scientific, technical, economic, or engineering information.
Undisclosed information or trade secret includes the whole or any portion or phase of any process, procedure, formula, improvement, pattern, plan, design, prototype, code, compilation, program, method, technique, or listing of names, addresses, or telephone numbers.
Undisclosed information or trade secret can be tangible or intangible.
Undisclosed information or trade secret can be stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing.
The Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) is an international legal agreement.
The TRIPS agreement is between all the member nations of the World Trade Organization (WTO).
The TRIPS agreement establishes minimum standards for the regulation by national governments of different forms of intellectual property as applied to nationals of other WTO member nations.
Commercialization is the process of bringing new goods, products, and services, or a combination thereof, to market for economic gain.
A startup is any person or entity registered in the Philippines that aims to develop an innovative product, process, or business model.
The Industry Practitioner Track is exclusive to NU's part-time faculty with relevant industry experience.
The relevant industry experience must be in line with the academic program being handled.
Applicants with full-time experience in an educational setting will be classified under the Academic Track.
Faculty handling TESDA courses possessing only TESDA qualifications shall be assigned to Lecturer 1 to 3 only.
TESDA qualifications include being a graduate of the TESDA program with certification or a valid PRC license in the case of Dental Hygienist and Dental Technologist.
An industry practitioner shall be assigned the rank of Lecturer 1 to 3 or Professional Lecturer 1 to 6.
All faculty assigned a Lecturer or a Professional Lecturer rank should possess at least a bachelor’s degree with relevant industry experience.
All faculty assigned a Lecturer or a Professional Lecturer rank should attain the required ratings as shown.
For Lecturer 1 to 3, the required Dean’s Evaluation score is 80 points.
For Lecturer 1 to 3, the required OTE score for new faculty is at least 5.00.
For Lecturer 1 to 3, the required SPES score for on-board faculty is at least 4.00.
For Professional Lecturer 1 to 3, the required Dean’s Evaluation score is 85 points.
For Professional Lecturer 1 to 3, the required OTE score is at least 5.00.
For Professional Lecturer 1 to 3, the required SPES score is at least 5.00.
For Professional Lecturer 4 to 6, the required Dean’s Evaluation score is 85 points.
For Professional Lecturer 4 to 6, the required OTE score is at least 6.00.
For Professional Lecturer 4 to 6, the required SPES score is at least 5.00.
A Professional Lecturer may be assigned to the next higher rank based on evaluation under certain conditions.
One condition for a Professional Lecturer to be assigned to the next higher rank is having industry experience in a Top 500 company, local or international setting.
Another condition is holding two or more licensure eligibility.
Another condition is holding at least a master’s degree or a relevant 2-year post-baccalaureate or postgraduate diploma/certificate.
Another condition is having internationally recognized certification, except vendor-specific certification, as endorsed by the Dean.
A Professional Lecturer intending to apply or transfer to a full-time position shall be evaluated based on the Academic Track Faculty Ranking Matrix.
The following academic degrees with licensure eligibility are classified as 'Special Degrees': BS Architecture, Bachelor of Laws with corresponding Bar Eligibility, Doctor of Dental Medicine, Doctor of Medicine, Doctor of Optometry.
Graduates of the special degree programs take at least six years before they are eligible to take the licensure or board examination.
The document is titled 'Industry Practitioner Track Faculty Ranking Matrix'.
The matrix includes a ranking system based on qualifications for lecturers.
Lecturer 1 requires at least one (1) year of relevant industry experience.
Lecturer 2 requires at least two (2) years of relevant industry experience.
Lecturer 3 has multiple qualification options.
One option for Lecturer 3 is at least three (3) years of relevant industry experience.
Another option for Lecturer 3 is being a graduate of a 4-year degree program with no industry experience but with a valid PRC License for the profession.
Professional Lecturer 1 has multiple qualification options.
One option for Professional Lecturer 1 is at least four (4) years of relevant industry experience.
Another option for Professional Lecturer 1 is at least two (2) years of work experience in a middle management position in the industry.
Another option for Professional Lecturer 1 is having special degrees with licensure eligibility but without industry experience.
Professional Lecturer 2 has multiple qualification options.
One option for Professional Lecturer 2 is at least six (6) years of relevant industry experience.
Another option for Professional Lecturer 2 is at least three (3) years of work experience in a middle management position in the industry.
For special degrees with licensure eligibility, Professional Lecturer 2 requires at least two (2) years of relevant industry experience.
Professional Lecturer 3 has multiple qualification options.
One option for Professional Lecturer 3 is at least eight (8) years of relevant industry experience.
Another option for Professional Lecturer 3 is at least four (4) years of work experience in a middle management position in the industry.
For special degrees with licensure eligibility, Professional Lecturer 3 requires at least four (4) years of relevant industry experience.
Professional Lecturer 4 has multiple qualification options.
One option for Professional Lecturer 4 is at least ten (10) years of relevant industry experience.
Another option for Professional Lecturer 4 is at least five (5) years of work experience in a top management position in the industry.
For special degrees with licensure eligibility, Professional Lecturer 4 has multiple options.
One option for Professional Lecturer 4 is at least six (6) years of relevant industry experience.
Another option for Professional Lecturer 4 is holding a middle management position in the industry.
Professional Lecturer 5 has multiple qualification options.
One option for Professional Lecturer 5 is at least thirteen (13) years of relevant industry experience.
Another option for Professional Lecturer 5 is at least six (6) years of work experience in a top management position in the industry.
For special degrees with licensure eligibility, Professional Lecturer 5 has multiple options.
One option for Professional Lecturer 5 is at least nine (9) years of relevant industry experience.
The individual holds a top management position in the industry.
The individual is a professional lecturer.
The individual has at least 16 years of relevant industry experience.
The individual has more than six years of work experience in a top management position in the industry.
The individual has professional recognition at the national level.
For special degrees with licensure eligibility, the individual has at least 12 years of relevant industry experience.
The individual holds a top management position in the industry for special degrees with licensure eligibility.
The individual has professional recognition at the national level for special degrees with licensure eligibility.
ANNEX C is a checklist of requirements for new employees.
Personal data requirements include an accomplished Information Sheet.
The Information Sheet is a form provided by NU.
Personal data requirements include two 2x2 pictures with a white background.
Personal data requirements include a photocopy of the Birth Certificate.
Personal data requirements include a photocopy of the marriage contract if the new employee is married.
Personal data requirements include a photocopy of the children’s birth certificates.
Formal education documents include a certified true copy of the Transcript of Records (TOR).
Formal education documents include a certified true copy of the Diploma with an S.O. number.
Formal education documents include any honors, awards, or distinctions received.
Professional documents include a copy of the Professional License.
Professional documents include proof of publications and research.
Professional documents include seminar or training certificates.
Professional documents include professional affiliations or memberships.
Professional documents include community service awards or certificates.
Personnel requirements include a certification of employment from previous employers.
Personnel requirements include a certificate of clearance from the previous employer.
Personnel requirements include BIR Form 2316 from the previous employer.
Personnel requirements include an NBI clearance with 6-month recency.
Personnel requirements include a medical certificate indicating fitness to work.
Government records include photocopies of SSS IDs.
Government records include photocopies of TIN IDs.
Government records include photocopies of Pag-IBIG IDs.
Government records include photocopies of PhilHealth numbers.
Government records include an Income Tax Return (ITR) and Form 2305 if necessary.
Government records include a residence certificate.
The policy has the following objectives: Evaluate faculty performance based on the faculty’s teaching, research, and community engagement responsibilities.
The policy has the following objectives: Motivate the faculty to perform to their full potential.
The policy has the following objectives: Provide the basis for annual merit, renewal of term appointment, appointment to probationary or permanent status, promotion in rank, and faculty development.
The SPES for Faculty comprises Teaching Effectiveness, Research and Innovation, Community Engagement, and Professional Development.
The SPES for Faculty applies to all faculty members with term and regular appointments.
The SPES for Faculty applies to part-time faculty.
The SPES for Faculty applies to full-time faculty.
For SPES purposes, adjunct faculty will be evaluated similarly to part-time faculty.
The term 'college' in this document refers to the colleges in NU Main.
The term 'college' in this document refers to the schools in NU campuses.
Each component of the SPES has an allocated maximum point.
Any point in excess from each component is not transferable to other components.
Each sub-component has a maximum point allocation.
Any point in excess from each sub-component is not transferable to other sub-components.
The minimum SPES rating of a faculty must be equal to or better than the institutional Key Performance Indicator (KPI) for the Faculty SPES rating for the academic year.
A SPES rating falling below the KPI may be a ground for non-renewal of contract in the case of part-time faculty.
A SPES rating falling below the KPI may be a ground for non-renewal of contract in the case of contractual full-time faculty.
A SPES rating falling below the KPI may be a ground for non-renewal of contract in the case of probationary full-time faculty.
A SPES rating falling below the KPI may lead to further performance review for regular faculty.
For faculty with term appointments, the Teaching Effectiveness rating, particularly the Online Teachers Evaluation (OTE), may be a basis for the non-renewal of the contract in the succeeding term.
Details of the activities, accomplishments, engagements, etc., must be listed per component.
Supporting documents must be available for verification upon request.
Only activities or undertakings accomplished within the evaluation period must be reflected in the SPES unless indicated.
Any activity or accomplishment should only be reflected or credited in one component.
The submission of the College SPES Summary to the Human Resource Office (HRO) is due 15 days after the end of the term for part-time faculty.
The submission of the College SPES Summary to the Human Resource Office (HRO) is due 30 days after the end of the Academic Year (AY) for full-time faculty.
The SPES for full-time faculty will be required once at the end of every academic year.
The SPES for part-time faculty will be required at the end of every term.
The rating reference for the Faculty SPES is consistent with the instruments used by the University in evaluating the performance of its personnel.
Unless otherwise reflected in the Institutional Quality Objectives, a faculty must receive a descriptive rating of at least 'Meets Expectation.'
The rating reference includes a range and description.
The range from 6.51 to 7.00 is described as 'Truly Exceptional.'
The range from 6.00 to 6.50 is described as 'Excellent.'
The range from 5.00 to 5.99 is described as 'Exceeds Expectations.'
The range from 4.00 to 4.99 is described as 'Meets Expectation.'
The range from 3.00 to 3.99 is described as 'Fairly Satisfactory.'
The range from 2.00 to 2.99 is described as 'Unsatisfactory.'
The range from 1.00 to 1.99 is described as 'Very Unsatisfactory.'
The SPES is composed of four areas upon which the performance of the faculty will be evaluated.
The four areas are Teaching Effectiveness, Research and Innovation, Community Engagement, and Professional Development.
All full-time faculty will be evaluated on the four components.
Part-time faculty will only be assessed on Teaching Effectiveness considering the nature of their engagement with the University.
The weight distribution of each SPES component is shown per campus type.
For Full-Time Faculty, the components and their percentages for Year 1 are as follows: Teaching Effectiveness is 55% for Campus and 50% for All Other Campuses.
For Full-Time Faculty, the components and their percentages for Year 1 are as follows: Research and Innovation is 15% for Campus and 25% for All Other Campuses.
For Full-Time Faculty, the components and their percentages for Year 1 are as follows: Community Engagement is 15% for Campus and 10% for All Other Campuses.
For Full-Time Faculty, the components and their percentages for Year 1 are as follows: Professional Development is 15% for Campus and 15% for All Other Campuses.
The total percentage for Full-Time Faculty in Year 1 is 100% for Campus and 100% for All Other Campuses.
For Part-Time Faculty, Teaching Effectiveness has two sub-components: Online Teachers Evaluation (OTE) and Classroom Observation (CO).
For Part-Time Faculty, the components and their percentages for Teaching Effectiveness across All Campuses are as follows: Classroom Observation is 40%.
For Part-Time Faculty, the components and their percentages for Teaching Effectiveness across All Campuses are as follows: Online Teachers Evaluation (OTE) is 60%.
The total percentage for Part-Time Faculty in Teaching Effectiveness across All Campuses is 100%.
Teaching Effectiveness has the following sub-components: Classroom Observation (CO).
The Dean and/or the Program Chair must conduct classroom observation using the CO Form at least once per term.
In the event of multiple observations in a term, the average rating per item will be the one recorded.
The maximum score for Classroom Observation (CO) is 7.
Teaching Effectiveness has the following sub-components: Online Teachers Evaluation (OTE).
Students evaluate the faculty during the midterm and the final period.
Only the final Online Teachers Evaluation (OTE) should be reflected in the Student Performance Evaluation System (SPES).
The midterm Online Teachers Evaluation (OTE) will be an initial assessment and serve as a basis for corrective action or improvement.
The average final Online Teachers Evaluation (OTE) rating of the faculty is available for download in the NUIS.
Access to the Online Teachers Evaluation (OTE) module is restricted to college administrators and competent authorities.
The maximum score for Online Teachers Evaluation (OTE) is 7.
The weight distribution for full-time faculty includes components for teaching effectiveness and research and innovation.
The teaching effectiveness component is divided into classroom observation and online teachers evaluation.
The classroom observation contributes 15% to the weight distribution for full-time faculty on Year 1 Campus and 15% on all other campuses.
The online teachers evaluation contributes 40% to the weight distribution for full-time faculty on Year 1 Campus and 35% on all other campuses.
The total weight for teaching effectiveness is 55% on Year 1 Campus and 50% on all other campuses.
A faculty’s maximum score in research and innovation is 30 points.
Points in research and innovation are cumulative up to the maximum score.
Points can be accumulated from different categories, each with a corresponding point allocation.
The publication of journal articles has a point allocation based on levels.
For levels 1 to 4 of journal articles, the point allocation is 30.
For levels 5 to 7 of journal articles, the point allocation is 18.
For level 8 of journal articles, the point allocation is 5.
The publication of conference proceedings has a point allocation based on levels.
For level 1 of conference proceedings, the point allocation is 30.
For levels 2 to 4 of conference proceedings, the point allocation is 18.
The publication of book chapters and international handbooks and encyclopedias has a point allocation based on levels.
For level 1 of book chapters and international handbooks and encyclopedias, the point allocation is 30.
For levels 2 to 3 of book chapters and international handbooks and encyclopedias, the point allocation is 18.
For level 4 of book chapters and international handbooks and encyclopedias, the point allocation is 5.
Externally funded research, innovation, or resiliency projects receive points upon approval and completion.
The point allocation for externally funded research, innovation, or resiliency projects is 10 upon approval.
The point allocation for externally funded research, innovation, or resiliency projects is 8 upon completion.
Completed internally funded research, innovation, or resiliency projects receive 5 points.
An issued or approved patent, trade secret, utility model, or industrial design receives 30 points.
Launching a start-up receives 30 points.
Passing the intellectual property audit receives 15 points.
Copyrighted property receives 5 points.
Creative output, including literary and artistic innovation, published, presented, or exhibited, has a point allocation based on the level of recognition.
For international recognition of creative output, the point allocation is 10.
For national recognition of creative output, the point allocation is 5.
For local recognition of creative output, the point allocation is 3.
Receiving an award or recognition for a creative output by prestigious international or national award-giving bodies receives 30 points.
Research awards and recognition contribute to the overall score in research and innovation.
The category points allocation includes various levels.
The international category is allocated 7 points.
The national category is allocated 5 points.
The local category is allocated 3 points.
The internal category is allocated 1 point.
Other completed research, innovation projects, and creative works are allocated 5 points.
Citations are allocated 1 point per citation, excluding self-citation, capped at 18 points.
Other categories are capped at 18 points.
Attendance to research/innovation seminars, webinars, conferences, and similar activities is included in the other categories.
External attendance to research/innovation seminars, webinars, conferences, and similar activities is allocated 2 points.
Internal attendance to research/innovation seminars, webinars, conferences, and similar activities is allocated 1 point.
Research/innovation presentation is included in the other categories.
International research/innovation presentation is allocated 3 points.
Local research/innovation presentation is allocated 1 point.
Research/innovation speakership in conferences, colloquia, and forums is included in the other categories.
International research/innovation speakership is allocated 4 points.
Local research/innovation speakership is allocated 2 points.
Research/innovation organization membership is allocated 2 points.
External research panelist/reactor per invitation is allocated 2 points.
Technical reviewer is included in the other categories.
International technical reviewer is allocated 4 points.
Local technical reviewer is allocated 2 points.
Publication levels are defined in the Research Incentives Policy issued by the Research and Development Office.
Journal articles are categorized into levels.
Level 1 journal articles are in the 99th percentile or top 1%.
Level 2 journal articles are in the 90th percentile of the top 10%.
Level 3 journal articles are classified as Q1 SCI/SSCI/AHCI.
Level 4 journal articles are classified as Q2 to Q4 SCI/SSCI/AHCI or Q1 Scopus.
Level 5 journal articles are classified as Q2 Scopus.
Level 6 journal articles are classified as Q3 Scopus.
Level 7 journal articles are classified as Q4 Scopus or unranked Scopus publication.
Level 8 journal articles are classified as non-Scopus articles or NU Journal.
Conference Proceedings are categorized into levels based on descriptors.
Level 1 includes Q1 Proceedings that are concurrently Scopus-indexed or A* conferences based on CORE.
Level 2 includes Q2 Proceedings that are concurrently Scopus-indexed or A conferences based on CORE.
Level 3 includes Q3 Proceedings that are concurrently Scopus-indexed or B conferences based on CORE.
Level 4 includes Q4 Proceedings that are concurrently Scopus-indexed or C conferences based on CORE.
There are unranked Scopus-indexed proceedings.
Book Chapters and International Handbooks and Encyclopedia are categorized into levels based on descriptors.
Level 1 includes chapters in International Handbooks or Encyclopedia or published scholarly books that are Scopus-indexed.
Level 2 includes chapters in International Handbooks or Encyclopedia or published scholarly books that are Non-Scopus.
Level 3 includes Scopus-indexed book chapters.
Level 4 includes Non-Scopus-indexed chapters.
Acronyms are defined as follows.
AHCI stands for Arts and Humanities Citation Index.
CORE stands for Computing Research and Education (Association of Australasia).
SCI stands for Science Citation Index.
SSCI stands for Social Sciences Citation Index.
Innovation refers to the creation of new ideas that result in the development of new or improved products, processes, business models, or services.
Innovation involves the spread, transfer, or commercialization of new ideas, which creates social, economic, or environmental impact.
Creative output includes literary works, visual artwork, design, architectural work, software, and other manifestations of creative effort.
Creative output can be published, acknowledged, presented, copyrighted, or registered.
A patent is defined as any technical solution to a technical problem in any field of human activity that is new, involves an inventive step, and is industrially applicable.
A patent may relate to a product, process, or an improvement of any of the foregoing.
The definition of patent is based on Section 7 of R.A. No.165a and Chapter 2, Section 21 of R.A. 8293.
An invention qualifies for registration as a utility model if it is new and industrially applicable.
The legal reference for utility models is Section 109.1 of Republic Act No. 8293.
Any composition of lines or colors or any three-dimensional form qualifies as an industrial design.
The composition or form must give a special appearance to an industrial product or handicraft.
The legal reference for industrial designs is Section 55 of Republic Act No. 165a.
Undisclosed information qualifies as a trade secret.
A trade secret can be any form or type of financial, business, scientific, technical, economic, or engineering information.
A trade secret includes the whole or any portion or phase of any process, procedure, formula, improvement, pattern, plan, design, prototype, code, compilation, program, method, technique, or listing of names, addresses, or telephone numbers.
A trade secret can be tangible or intangible.
A trade secret can be stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing.
The legal reference for trade secrets is Chapter 2, Article 3 of the WTO TRIPS Agreement.
A startup is any person or entity registered in the Philippines.
A startup aims to develop an innovative product, process, or business model.
The legal reference for startups is Rule 2, Section 1 of Republic Act 11337.
Copyright covers original literary and artistic works.
Examples of copyrightable works include books and other writings, periodicals, lectures, addresses, letters, dramatic-musical compositions, musical compositions, drawings, paintings, architecture, sculpture, ornamental designs, applied art, illustrations, maps, plastic works, photographs, audiovisual works, illustrations and advertisements, computer programs, and other literary, scholarly, scientific, and artistic works.
The legal reference for copyright is Part 4, Section 172.1 of Republic Act 8293.
Activities falling under Citation and Other Categories are capped at 18 points each.
Citation refers only to Scopus citations received by faculty in the immediately preceding year before the SPES preparation.
For the Academic Year 2022-2023 SPES, the citation score will be based on citations received in 2022.
The Research and Development Office will officially provide the citation score.
Research awards exclude research grants awarded by funding agencies.
Coverage of publications, accomplishments, engagements, or activities in any of the above categories will be within the evaluation period of one academic year.
The proper authority must vet all entries reflected in the SPES Form.
Only voluntary and unpaid service will be credited under Community Engagement.
Community Engagement is categorized as Community Extension (COMEX).
Community Extension (COMEX) targets external partners/entities.
Community Extension (COMEX) must be certified by the COMEX Office.
Institutional engagement is any engagement initiated by the COMEX Office in partnership with NU units or external partners.
College-Driven engagement is any engagement initiated by the College based on program competencies.
Extension Services engagement is any outreach engagement initiated by any NU Unit.
Capacity-Building Services (CBS) refers to the involvement of a faculty in NU-wide committees or projects.
Capacity-Building Services (CBS) includes participation in college projects.
Capacity-Building Services (CBS) includes all initiatives for the benefit of the community.
The number of engagement hours rendered will have equivalent points depending on the category.
The table shows the equivalent points for different ranges of engagement hours.
From 7 to 16.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Community Extension is 1.5.
From 7 to 16.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Capacity-Building Services is 3.5.
From 7 to 16.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for College-Driven is 3.5.
From 7 to 16.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Institutional is 2.
From 17 to 48.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Community Extension is 3.
From 17 to 48.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Capacity-Building Services is 7.
From 17 to 48.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for College-Driven is 7.
From 17 to 48.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Institutional is 4.
From 49 to 64.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Community Extension is 4.5.
From 49 to 64.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Capacity-Building Services is 10.5.
From 49 to 64.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for College-Driven is 10.5.
From 49 to 64.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Institutional is 6.
From 65 to 77.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Community Extension is 6.
From 65 to 77.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Capacity-Building Services is 14.
From 65 to 77.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for College-Driven is 14.
From 65 to 77.99 engagement hours, the equivalent points for Institutional is 8.
From 78 engagement hours and above, the equivalent points for Community Extension is 7.5.
From 78 engagement hours and above, the equivalent points for Capacity-Building Services is 18.
From 78 engagement hours and above, the equivalent points for College-Driven is 18.
From 78 engagement hours and above, the equivalent points for Institutional is 10.
The maximum score a faculty can obtain under Community Engagement is 18.
A faculty should render at least seven engagement hours before points can be assigned.
The COMEX equivalent points per category are cumulative up to 18 points.
Excess points are not transferrable to Capacity-Building Services.
The COMEX Office will determine the equivalent number of hours for a COMEX activity.
The rendered hours of a faculty in each COMEX category will be based on the official report of the COMEX Office.
The college will record capacity-building services through the College COMEX Coordinator.
The maximum score for Capacity-Building Services is 10 points.
The 10 points for Capacity-Building Services will be used as bonus points.
Approval of activities converted to Capacity-Building Services hours will rest on the college dean.
The college dean will consult with the college COMEX Coordinator and program chairs for approval.
Only activities outside a faculty's regular administrative assignment or tasks qualify for conversion.
Engagements that may be converted include the following: Committee Lead.
Engagements that may be converted include the following: Committee Member.
Engagements that may be converted include the following: Speaker/Trainer/Lecturer.
Engagements that may be converted include the following: Reviewer.
Engagements that may be converted include the following: Facilitator.
Engagements that may be converted include the following: Technical Support/Assistant.
The maximum score a faculty can obtain under Professional Development is 15 points.
Professional Development has the following sub-components.
Each sub-component is allocated a maximum number of points.
The maximum number of points for Seminar Participation is 10 points.
Seminars include attendance at training, workshops, and similar activities.
Research-related seminars are excluded and will be considered under the Research component.
The total points awarded for each seminar will be based on the duration of the activity in hours multiplied by the assigned multiplier per category.
The multiplier for the category Speaker is 3.
The multiplier for the category Organizer is 2.
The multiplier for the category Panelist is 2.
The multiplier for the category Continuing Professional Development Program Monitor is 2.
The multiplier for the category Earned CPD is 1.
The multiplier for the category Participant is 1.
The maximum number of points for Formal Studies is 5 points.
Points under Formal Studies will only be awarded if the degree is completed within the evaluation period.
The points awarded for a Doctoral degree under Formal Studies is 5.
The points awarded for a Masters degree under Formal Studies is 3.
The points awarded for a 2nd Undergraduate Degree under Formal Studies is 2.
The points awarded for a Certificate Program under Formal Studies is 2.
The points awarded for a Diploma under Formal Studies is 2.
The maximum number of points for Industry Involvement is 5 points.
The engagement of a faculty under any of the categories must be supported with the appropriate documentation.
Microsoft certification can be credited under Professional Certification.
Being named a Microsoft Innovative Education Expert (MIEE) is a type of Microsoft certification.
The category of Consultancy is worth 5 points.
The category of Immersion is worth 5 points.
The category of Fellowship is worth 5 points.
The category of Faculty Exchange is worth 5 points.
The category of Professional Certification is worth 5 points.
The category of National Government Appointment is worth 5 points.
Recognition and Awards can earn a maximum of 5 points.
The category of International recognition is worth 5 points.
The category of National recognition is worth 3 points.
The category of Institutional recognition is worth 2 points.
The faculty should be a member of a professional organization within the evaluation period.
Advanced Member refers to all other membership types that undergo screening.
The category of Officer membership is worth 5 points.
The category of Committee Member membership is worth 3 points.
The category of Advanced Member membership is worth 3 points.
The category of Regular Member membership is worth 1 point.
The Revised SPES for Faculty is effective for the Academic Year 2023 -2024.
ANNEX E is a revised standard performance evaluation for ASP.
The job rank corresponding to SPES for job rank 101 to 203 is available for download.
The SPES form for job rank 101 to 203 can be downloaded by clicking a link.
The job rank corresponding to SPES for job rank 301 and up is available for download.
The SPES form for job rank 301 and up can be downloaded by clicking a link.
