Chapter Nine is titled 'A Storm Brewing--It Bursts, and Produces Consequences--The Party Take to the Water Per Force--All Saved.'
Frank sat on a rock watching the blacksmith and his two Indians while they performed the operation of skinning the bear.
The timely destruction of the bear has been related in the last chapter.
Frank quoted the saying 'a friend in need is a friend indeed.'
Frank commented on how well Bryan stood his ground against the bear.
Frank asked Bryan if the bear's kisses were sweet.
Frank asked Bryan if the bear's kisses reminded him of the fair maid of Derry.
Bryan replied affirmatively to Frank's question.
Bryan stepped to a rock to whet his knife.
Bryan expressed gratitude to Frank for saving him a lot of trouble.
Bryan cursed the bear.
Bryan stated that it would have taken three or four rounds to finish the bear off neatly.
Bryan mentioned that there was no end of fat on the bear's ribs that would have kept the knife from going far in.
Frank laughed at Bryan's perspective on the situation.
Frank questioned Bryan if he really thought he would have killed the bear if Frank had not intervened.
Bryan asserted that a man is better than a beast any day.
Bryan mentioned that he had a friend ready to help him.
Bryan cast a comical leer at La Roche.
La Roche felt embarrassed because he believed his conduct in the affair was not praiseworthy.
La Roche slid rapidly to the bottom of the tree after reflecting on the situation.
La Roche ran to assist Bryan.
La Roche arrived just as the bear fell, which meant he was not in time to render assistance.
Yemen's information minister escaped an assassination attempt unharmed on Tuesday.
The information minister's office manager provided this information.
The information minister is Ali al-Amrani.
Ali al-Amrani was headed to the prime minister's office when the attack occurred.
Abdul Basit al-Qaedi is the spokesman for Ali al-Amrani.
At least 10 bullets were shot in the direction of the vehicle that Ali al-Amrani was getting into.
Three bullets hit the back window and trunk of the car.
Witnesses reported that there were at least two gunmen.
Ali al-Amrani was not hurt in the attack.
The minister's office stated that Ali al-Amrani has been targeted recently in a hate campaign by pro-revolution groups.
A number of factions in Yemen started a hate campaign against Ali al-Amrani.
Threats were given to Ali al-Amrani in the past.
Yemen's Interior Ministry is investigating the attack.
There are no prime suspects in the investigation.
Last week, Ali al-Amrani received a death threat from an anonymous caller.
The anonymous caller used a Saudi telephone number.
Ali al-Amrani recently launched a massive presidential campaign to support candidate Abdurabu Hadi.
Abdurabu Hadi is the current vice president of Yemen.
Ali al-Amrani stated that Yemen is facing a critical time for change.
Ali al-Amrani urged all Yemenis to stand together to support Abdurabu Hadi.
Yemen has been beset with demonstrations against President Ali Abdullah Saleh since early last year.
Pro-democratic uprisings spread across the Arab world last year.
Demonstrators have continued their protests against President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
The protests continued despite a power transfer deal that leads to President Ali Abdullah Saleh's departure.
Under the power transfer plan, President Ali Abdullah Saleh will step down after the February 21 elections.
President Ali Abdullah Saleh will receive immunity under the plan forged by the Gulf Cooperation Council.
President Ali Abdullah Saleh has been in office for 33 years.
Tammy Meyers and Erich Nowsch were neighbors.
The homes of Tammy Meyers and Erich Nowsch are within walking distance from each other.
The homes of Tammy Meyers and Erich Nowsch are within walking distance from a park.
According to Robert Meyers, Tammy Meyers used to talk to Erich Nowsch in the park.
Tammy Meyers implored Erich Nowsch to act like an adult.
On Thursday, Erich Nowsch was arrested.
Erich Nowsch is accused of killing Tammy Meyers.
The incident involving the killing of Tammy Meyers has been described as a road rage incident.
The road rage incident ended a week ago with a shooting in front of Tammy Meyers' home.
Robert Meyers told reporters after the arrest that he knew Erich Nowsch.
Robert Meyers stated that he could not tell reporters this information before the arrest.
Robert Meyers said that Erich Nowsch knew where he lived.
Robert Meyers stated that he and Tammy Meyers knew how bad Erich Nowsch was.
Robert Meyers expressed that they did not know it was this bad.
Robert Meyers mentioned that Erich Nowsch had gotten to this point with his friends.
Erich Nowsch, who is 19 years old, faces three felony charges.
The felony charges against Erich Nowsch are murder, attempted murder, and unlawful discharge of a gun from a vehicle.
A court hearing has been scheduled for Monday morning.
Robert Meyers said that Tammy Meyers tried to help Erich Nowsch.
Robert Meyers stated that Tammy Meyers spent countless hours at the park consoling Erich Nowsch.
Robert Meyers described Tammy Meyers as being really good to Erich Nowsch.
Tammy Meyers fed Erich Nowsch.
Tammy Meyers gave Erich Nowsch money.
Tammy Meyers told Erich Nowsch to pull his pants up and to be a man.
Robert Meyers claimed that Tammy Meyers told Erich Nowsch to be a man more times than he could count.
Police are looking for at least one more suspect in the case.
Police believe that Erich Nowsch was the shooter.
Homicide Captain Chris Tomaino told reporters that Erich Nowsch owned registered firearms.
Homicide Captain Chris Tomaino would not say how many guns Erich Nowsch owned or what type of weapons they were.
It was unclear on Thursday night whether Erich Nowsch had an attorney.
Court documents detailing the charges against Erich Nowsch did not list a lawyer.
Ernie Casillas can peg the downward spiral of his life to November 6, 2008, at 9:06 a.m.
Ernie Casillas was fired from his job as a mortgage broker on November 6, 2008.
Barack Obama had just been elected president as Ernie Casillas was leaving the work force.
Nearly four years later, Barack Obama was seeking reelection.
Ernie Casillas has finally landed his first full-time job.
Ernie Casillas emerged out of the group known as the long-term unemployed.
The Labor Department's July employment figures showed the average duration of unemployment shrank from 39.9 weeks in June to 38.8 weeks in July.
The percentage of people who are unemployed long-term shrank from 41.9% in June to 40.7% in July.
Ernie Casillas says his life is evidence that the economy is beginning to turn around.
The road to Ernie Casillas's new job was painful, heartbreaking, and financially devastating.
Ernie Casillas remembers his life before November 2008.
Ernie Casillas wore expensive suits before November 2008.
Ernie Casillas drove a Mercedes before November 2008.
Ernie Casillas spent every cent of his paycheck before November 2008.
When Ernie Casillas was laid off, he thought he would be back at work in two weeks.
Ernie Casillas was wrong about returning to work in two weeks.
The subprime mortgage crisis was eating away at the U.S. economy.
Employers were shedding jobs, not adding them during the subprime mortgage crisis.
Ernie Casillas was a few credits shy of his associate degree.
Ernie Casillas found himself overqualified for many jobs but underqualified for higher-paid middle-class jobs.
Ernie Casillas remembers being told he was overqualified.
Ernie Casillas felt that his life was going down the drain.
Ernie Casillas lost his house.
Ernie Casillas lost his Mercedes.
Ernie Casillas's wife left him.
In his 40s, Ernie Casillas was forced to move in with his mother.
A year after Ernie Casillas lost his job, he began selling everything he owned on Craigslist.
Sports Illustrated is an American sports media franchise.
Sports Illustrated is owned by Time Inc.
The self-titled magazine of Sports Illustrated has over 3 million subscribers.
The self-titled magazine of Sports Illustrated is read by 23 million people each week.
Over 18 million men read the self-titled magazine of Sports Illustrated each week.
Sports Illustrated was the first magazine with circulation over one million to win the National Magazine Award for General Excellence twice.
The swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated has been published since 1964.
The swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated is now an annual publishing event.
The swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated generates its own television shows.
The swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated generates its own videos.
The swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated generates its own calendars.
There were two magazines named 'Sports Illustrated' before the current magazine began.
The current magazine of Sports Illustrated began on August 16, 1954.
Stuart Scheftel created the first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine in 1936.
The target market for the first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine was the sportsman.
Stuart Scheftel published the first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine from 1936 to 1938 on a monthly basis.
The first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine was a life magazine size.
The first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine focused on golf, tennis, and skiing.
The first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine included articles on the major sports.
Stuart Scheftel sold the name 'Sports Illustrated' to Dell Publications.
Dell Publications released a version of 'Sports Illustrated' in 1949.
The version of 'Sports Illustrated' released by Dell Publications lasted 6 issues before closing.
Dell's version of 'Sports Illustrated' focused on major sports such as baseball, basketball, and boxing.
Dell's version of 'Sports Illustrated' competed on magazine racks against 'Sport' and other monthly sports magazines.
During the 1940s, sports magazines were published monthly.
The monthly sports magazines during the 1940s did not cover current events because of the production schedules.
There was no large-base, general, weekly sports magazine with a national following on actual active events during the 1940s.
Henry Luce was the patriarch of Time.
Henry Luce began considering whether his company should attempt to fill the gap in the sports magazine market.
Many believed sports was beneath the attention of serious journalism at the time.
Many did not think sports news could fill a weekly magazine, especially during the winter.
A number of advisers to Henry Luce, including Ernest Havemann of 'Life' magazine, tried to kill the idea of a sports magazine.
Henry Luce, who was not a sports fan, decided the time was right for a sports magazine.
Scott Alan woke up very early that morning in his bedroom.
Scott Alan was in his house.
Scott Alan felt something licking his face.
Scott Alan wasn't sure what it was.
Scott Alan opened his green eyes slowly.
Scott Alan saw a bit of fur.
Scott Alan then saw a tongue.
Scott Alan saw some more fur.
Scott Alan was licked again.
Scott Alan said, 'Oh, Boscoe!' with joy.
Scott Alan kissed his furry little brown dog.
Boscoe was Scott Alan's friend for as long as Scott Alan could remember.
Scott Alan and Boscoe went on many adventures together.
Scott Alan and Boscoe never left each other's side.
Scott Alan woke up many times this way.
One of the most memorable adventures that Scott Alan and Boscoe had happened when Scott Alan was 12.
Scott Alan wanted to have a little fun.
Scott Alan also wanted to adventure with Boscoe.
Scott Alan had just finished eating breakfast.
Scott Alan wanted to ride his bicycle.
Boscoe was walking.
Scott Alan was riding his bicycle down by the park.
The park was very close to the river near Scott Alan's house.
Scott Alan wanted to do a little adventuring.
Boscoe was walking next to the shore.
Boscoe started barking his head off.
Scott Alan wasn't sure what Boscoe was barking at.
Scott Alan got off his bicycle.
Scott Alan ran down into the river to see what all the noise was about.
All of a sudden, Boscoe fell in the water.
Boscoe was taken downstream with the fast water.
Scott Alan yelled, 'Boscoe!'
Scott Alan jumped into the water.
Scott Alan began swimming after Boscoe.
Boscoe's little legs were doggy paddling as fast as they could.
Boscoe had no hope of getting back to the side of the river.
Scott Alan finally caught up to Boscoe.
Scott Alan couldn't get back to the side of the river.
Scott Alan was thinking this was the last of him and Boscoe.
A large stick from a fallen log was well in reach.
Scott Alan grabbed the large stick.
Scott Alan used all of his might.
Scott Alan pulled himself and Boscoe out of the river.
Scott Alan yelled out loud, 'Boy, was that close!'
That was the best adventure ever.
Living in a foreign culture can be exciting.
Living in a foreign culture can also be confusing.
A group of Americans who taught English in other countries recently discussed their experiences.
The group of Americans decided that miscommunications were always possible.
Miscommunications can occur even over something as simple as 'yes' and 'no'.
On her first day in Micronesia, Lisa thought people weren't paying any attention to her.
The day was hot.
Lisa went into a store and asked, 'Do you have cold drinks?'
The woman in the store didn't say anything.
Lisa repeated the question.
Still, the woman said nothing.
Lisa later learned that the woman had answered her.
The woman had raised her eyebrows.
In Micronesia, raising eyebrows means 'yes'.
Jan remembered an experience she had in Bulgaria.
Bulgaria is a country in Europe.
Jan went to a restaurant that was known for its cabbage.
Jan asked the waiter, 'Do you have cabbage today?'
The waiter nodded his head.
Jan waited, but the cabbage never came.
In Bulgaria, a nod means 'no'.
Tom had a similar problem when he arrived in India.
After explaining something in class, Tom asked his students if they understood.
The students answered with many different nods and shakes of the head.
Tom thought some students had not understood.
Tom explained again.
When Tom asked again, the students did the same thing.
Tom soon found out that his students did understand.
In India, people nod and shake their heads in different ways depending on where they come from.
You have to know where a person is from to understand whether they mean 'yes' or 'no'.
Once upon a time, there was a cute brown puppy.
The cute brown puppy was a very happy puppy.
The name of the cute brown puppy was Rudy.
Rudy had a best friend.
The name of Rudy's best friend was Thomas.
Thomas had a nice dad.
The name of Thomas's dad was Rick.
Thomas and Rudy had been friends for almost a year.
Rudy and Thomas loved to play in the big back yard.
Sometimes, Thomas would ask his friend Jacob to come to the back yard and play with them.
Jacob would always bring his puppy too.
Jacob's puppy was named Sally.
Thomas and Jacob would run around the back yard.
Rudy and Sally chased Thomas and Jacob and barked.
They all had so much fun playing together.
One day, Thomas told Rudy that tomorrow would be a very special day.
Tomorrow would be Rudy's birthday.
Rudy was very excited.
The next day came.
Thomas threw a birthday party for Rudy.
All of Rudy's friends were at the birthday party.
Rudy's friends had presents for him.
Jacob brought Rudy a new ball.
Sally brought Rudy a bone.
There was one more present for Rudy to open.
When Rudy opened the gift from Thomas, Rudy was so excited that he jumped and barked.
The gift from Thomas was a new red collar with a shiny name tag on it.
The new red collar with a shiny name tag was the best gift Rudy had ever been given.
There are 18 days until the Oscars.
People are starting to place bets on who will win Oscars this year.
The Academy has proven itself to be predictable over the years.
If a person is America's Sweetheart, that person will probably win Best Actress.
If a person sings in a film, that person is almost guaranteed to win an Oscar.
The winners for Best Actress and Best Actor tend to be the person who has taken on a based-on-a-true-story role.
In the 2000s, 10 of the 20 top honors were given to actors who portrayed real people.
Sandra Bullock won Best Actress last year.
Sandra Bullock won Best Actress just days after taking home a Razzie.
Sandra Bullock played Leigh Anne Tuohy in the film.
Leigh Anne Tuohy was a Southern mom who took in Michael Oher.
Leigh Anne Tuohy helped coach Michael Oher toward football greatness.
The real Leigh Anne Tuohy was in the theater to see Sandra Bullock accept her award.
Sean Penn won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 2008.
Sean Penn won the Academy Award for Best Actor for playing Harvey Milk.
Harvey Milk was the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California.
Marion Cotillard won the Oscar for Best Actress in 2007.
Marion Cotillard won the Oscar for Best Actress for her role in 'La Vie En Rose.'
In 'La Vie En Rose,' Marion Cotillard played Edith Piaf.
Edith Piaf was an extremely popular singer in France.
Edith Piaf was known for her out-of-control social life.
Marion Cotillard won for playing the Britney Spears of 1950s France.
Robin Williams was smart, successful, funny, and handsome.
Robin Williams seemed to have it all.
Robin Williams is dead.
Robin Williams' death was apparently by his own choice.
The joy, spontaneity, and humor of Robin Williams likely masked the daily torment he endured.
Robin Williams struggled with depression in an on-again-off-again manner.
Robin Williams made people laugh, but he was in pain.
The author knows the pain that Robin Williams experienced.
In the death of Robin Williams, we have lost one of the most talented and creative spirits on the planet.
The death of Robin Williams by suicide should be a wake-up call for everyone.
The death of Robin Williams serves as a reminder that many people smile on the outside while suffering on the inside.
The author did not know Robin Williams personally.
The author is unable to speak with certainty about why Robin Williams chose to end his life.
The author has experienced torment and pain similar to that of Robin Williams.
The author struggled with depression for years.
The author still struggles with depression on many days.
Those who are suffering will do just about anything to avoid feeling pain.
In moments of suffering, people's brains can become their worst enemies.
It often takes an outside force to provide light during dark moments.
An outside force can help ensure that dark thoughts are not the last thoughts.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, suicide rates increased from 2000 to 2011.
In 2000, the suicide rate was 10.4 deaths per 100,000.
In 2011, the suicide rate increased to 12.3 deaths per 100,000.
The rate of suicide is higher and rising among men.
In 2011, 78.5% of suicides were committed by men.
The suicide rate among men in 2011 was 20.2 deaths per 100,000.
Yorkshire is formally known as the County of York.
Yorkshire is a historic county of Northern England.
Yorkshire is the largest county in the United Kingdom.
Due to its great size in comparison to other English counties, functions have been undertaken over time by the subdivisions of Yorkshire.
The subdivisions of Yorkshire have been subject to periodic reform.
Yorkshire has continued to be recognised as a geographical territory.
Yorkshire has continued to be recognised as a cultural region.
The name Yorkshire is familiar and well understood across the United Kingdom.
The name Yorkshire is in common use in the media.
The name Yorkshire is in common use in the military.
The name Yorkshire features in the titles of current areas of civil administration such as North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire, and East Riding of Yorkshire.
Within the borders of the historic county of Yorkshire are areas that are widely considered to be among the greenest in England.
The vast stretches of unspoilt countryside in the Yorkshire Dales contribute to the green reputation of Yorkshire.
The vast stretches of unspoilt countryside in the North York Moors contribute to the green reputation of Yorkshire.
The open aspect of some of the major cities contributes to the green reputation of Yorkshire.
Yorkshire has sometimes been nicknamed 'God's Own County'.
Yorkshire has sometimes been nicknamed 'God's Own Country'.
The emblem of Yorkshire is the White Rose of the English royal House of York.
The most commonly used flag representative of Yorkshire is the White Rose on a blue background.
The flag of Yorkshire was recognised by the Flag Institute on 29 July 2008 after nearly fifty years of use.
Yorkshire Day is held annually on 1 August.
Yorkshire Day is a celebration of the general culture of Yorkshire.
Yorkshire Day celebrates the history of Yorkshire.
Yorkshire Day celebrates the dialect of Yorkshire.
There once was an elephant named Ellie.
Ellie really liked to eat peanuts.
Ellie lived with a circus.
Ellie performed with clowns.
One day, Ellie was really hungry.
Ellie could not find any peanuts.
Ellie asked the lion, 'Do you have any peanuts?'
The lion said, 'Sorry, I don't like peanuts, but the squirrel may have some.'
Ellie went looking for the squirrel.
Along the way, Ellie saw a little girl.
The little girl was crying.
Ellie asked the little girl, 'Why are you crying?'
The little girl, Ava, said, 'I lost my parents!'
The elephant, Ellie, put Ava on her back.
Ellie said, 'I can help you look for them.'
Ellie and Ava looked high and low for Ava's parents.
Ellie made a loud sound with her nose.
Ava's parents came to see what the sound was.
Ava's parents were so happy to find Ava.
Ellie was also happy to find Ava.
Ellie's stomach began to growl.
Ava heard Ellie's stomach growl.
Ava dug into her parents' bag.
Ava brought out a bag of peanuts.
Ellie ate the peanuts.
Everyone lived happily ever after.
The Rover family goes to the park for a wonderful picnic.
The Rovers are a family of dogs.
Mommy Rover packs a lunch.
The lunch includes lots of doggie treats.
The doggie treats include dog bones and chew sticks.
Daddy Rover brings the dog toys.
The dog toys include an old Frisbee and a shoe.
The shoe can be used for some fun activities.
The puppies are named Paulie and Lucky.
It is a bright sunny day at the dog park.
Lots of other doggie families are also at the park.
The other doggie families are enjoying the nice weather.
The Rovers see their friends, the Fidos.
The Rovers invite the Fidos to join them for lunch.
The two families eat together.
The two families play together.
Afterwards, it is nap time for the puppies.
The adult dogs clean up the leftover food.
The adult dogs pack the extra food in doggie bags.
The adult dogs pack their baskets.
The adult dogs head home.
The day was a lot of fun for all the dogs.
Next week, the Rovers plan to go to the beach.
The Rovers might invite the Fidos to join them again.
Linda was kind of late.
Linda was 25 years old.
Linda had a lot to do at work.
Linda had visitors on the way.
Linda's parents were coming in for Thanksgiving from her hometown.
As Linda hurried down the subway stairs, she started to feel uncomfortably warm.
By the time Linda got to the platform, she felt weak and tired.
Linda thought it hadn't been a good idea to give blood the night before.
Linda rested herself against a post close to the tracks.
Frank was 43 years old.
Frank had a girlfriend named Jennifer.
Frank and Jennifer found a spot close to where the front of the train would stop.
Frank and Jennifer were deep in discussion about a house they were thinking of buying.
Frank heard a scream.
Someone yelled, 'Oh, my God, she fell in!'
Frank didn't hesitate.
Frank jumped down to the tracks.
Frank ran some 40 feet toward the body lying on the rails.
Jennifer screamed, 'No! Not you!' after Frank.
Jennifer was right to be alarmed.
By the time Frank reached Linda, he could feel the tracks shaking.
Frank could see the light coming from the train.
The train was about 20 seconds from the station.
It was hard for Frank to lift Linda.
Linda was just out.
Frank managed to raise Linda the four feet to the platform.
Bystanders could hold Linda by the arms and drag her away from the edge.
Linda briefly regained consciousness.
Linda felt herself being pulled along the ground.
Linda saw someone else holding her purse.
Linda thought she had been robbed.
A woman held Linda's hand.
A man gave his shirt to help stop the blood pouring from Linda's head.
Linda tried to talk but she couldn't.
Linda realized how much pain she was in.
Police and fire officials soon arrived.
Frank told the story to a police officer.
Jennifer said her boyfriend was calm on their 40-minute train ride downtown.
Jennifer said Frank had been calm just as he had been seconds after the rescue.
Jennifer thought about her reaction at the time.
Jennifer saw the train coming and was thinking Frank was going to die.
The man labeled the most powerful vice president in American history remains resolute in his steadfast defense of his time in the White House.
A new documentary begins airing on Friday.
Dick Cheney is the man labeled the most powerful vice president in American history.
Dick Cheney says, 'I did what I did. It's all on the public record, and I feel very good about it. If I had to do it over again, I'd do it in a minute.'
The documentary is titled 'The World According to Dick Cheney.'
The documentary debuts at 9 p.m. ET on Showtime.
The two-hour documentary tells the story of Dick Cheney's life through his own comments.
The documentary is supplemented by a narrator and interviews with journalists, biographers, former aides, and Donald Rumsfeld.
Donald Rumsfeld is the former secretary of Defense and a longtime friend and mentor of Dick Cheney.
The film covers Dick Cheney's unprecedented and controversial role as vice president.
The first half of the film explores the surprising tale of Dick Cheney's rise from a two-time Yale dropout.
Dick Cheney had two drunk-driving arrests.
Dick Cheney became the man who once stood behind the leader of the free world.
The documentary 'The World According to Dick Cheney' is produced by R.J. Cutler.
R.J. Cutler is also known for 'The War Room' and 'The September Issue.'
In the documentary, Dick Cheney gets personal but maintains his ever-steady, matter-of-fact tone.
Dick Cheney stated coolly, 'When you came in at night after work, you'd go to the bar and down large quantities of Coors beer.'
Dick Cheney refers to the two times he was arrested for drinking and driving in his home state of Wyoming.
Details about Dick Cheney's post-White House life are noticeably absent from the documentary.
Dick Cheney is 72 years old.
Dick Cheney gives little to no insight about his heart transplant last year.
Dick Cheney gives little to no insight about his decision to support same-sex marriage.
Mary Cheney is Dick Cheney's younger daughter.
Mary Cheney wed her longtime partner Heather Poe in June.
Plymouth is a city on the south coast of Devon, England.
Plymouth is located about 37 miles (60 km) south-west of Exeter.
Plymouth is located 190 miles (310 km) west-south-west of London.
Plymouth is situated between the mouths of the rivers Plym to the east and Tamar to the west.
The rivers Plym and Tamar join Plymouth Sound to form the boundary with Cornwall.
Plymouth's early history extends to the Bronze Age.
A first settlement emerged at Mount Batten during the Bronze Age.
The settlement at Mount Batten continued as a trading post for the Roman Empire.
The settlement at Mount Batten was surpassed by the more prosperous village of Sutton.
The village of Sutton is now called Plymouth.
In 1620, the Pilgrim Fathers departed Plymouth for the New World.
The Pilgrim Fathers established Plymouth Colony.
Plymouth Colony was the second English settlement in what is now the United States of America.
During the English Civil War, the town of Plymouth was held by the Parliamentarians.
The town of Plymouth was besieged between 1642 and 1646.
Throughout the Industrial Revolution, Plymouth grew as a commercial shipping port.
Plymouth handled imports and passengers from the Americas.
Plymouth exported local minerals such as tin, copper, lime, china clay, and arsenic.
The neighbouring town of Devonport became a strategic Royal Naval shipbuilding and dockyard town.
In 1914, three neighbouring independent towns were merged to form a single County Borough.
The three neighbouring independent towns were the county borough of Plymouth, the county borough of Devonport, and the urban district of East Stonehouse.
The combined town took the name of Plymouth.
Plymouth achieved city status in 1928.
The city's naval importance later led to its targeting during World War II.
The targeting of Plymouth during World War II resulted in partial destruction, an act known as the Plymouth Blitz.
After World War II, the city centre of Plymouth was completely rebuilt.
Subsequent expansion led to the incorporation of Plympton and Plymstock along with other outlying suburbs in 1967.
Christine Wilford plans to do something remarkable on Thursday.
The remarkable action that Christine Wilford plans to do is drop her child off at school.
The last time Christine Wilford's 7-year-old son, Richie, was in class was on December 14.
On December 14, a gunman smashed his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut.
The gunman killed 26 children and adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
As shots rang out, Richie's teacher locked the door.
Richie's teacher huddled her students into the corner.
The shooter roamed the hallways while wielding an AR-15 assault rifle and firing.
When it appeared safe, the children were hurried away to a nearby fire station.
At the nearby fire station, teary parents either reunited with their sons and daughters or learned that their children had been killed.
Nearly a month later, Christine Wilford said her son still has trouble sleeping.
Richie is often scared by loud noises.
On Thursday, Richie will join hundreds of other Newtown students returning to class for the first time since the tragedy.
Christine Wilford thinks it is good that Richie is going back to school.
Christine Wilford feels that if she leaves her child anywhere, she is leaving a piece of her heart.
Christine Wilford finds it difficult to leave Richie.
Richie apparently isn't afraid and says he is looking forward to seeing his friends.
Richie and his friends will not be attending Sandy Hook Elementary.
Sandy Hook Elementary remains part of an ongoing investigation into Adam Lanza.
Adam Lanza was the gunman who killed his mother before opening fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
A boy named Pedro was walking down the street one day.
Pedro met a pretty girl in a pink dress.
The pretty girl handed Pedro a bell.
The bell was made of metal.
The bell looked worn and old.
The pretty girl said that the bell gave her her wish for a pink dress.
The pretty girl said that in order to keep her wish, she had to give the bell to someone else.
The pretty girl instructed Pedro to ring the bell three times to get his wish.
The pretty girl specified not to ring the bell two times, not four times, but three times.
The pretty girl said that when Pedro's wish arrived, he should give the bell to someone else.
Pedro thanked the pretty girl for the bell.
When the pretty girl had gone, Pedro rang the bell three times.
Pedro wished for a puppy.
Soon after, Pedro saw a puppy on a street corner.
The puppy was black with brown and white spots.
Pedro picked the puppy up.
Pedro hugged the puppy.
Then Pedro saw his friend Alice.
Pedro gave the bell to Alice.
Alice rang the bell.
Alice wished for a pretty bird.
Soon a pretty bird landed on Alice's shoulder.
Alice thought the bell was a wonderful thing.
Alice chose to keep the bell, rather than give it away.
The next day when Alice woke up, her bird had flown away.
Jack wanted to do something fun during his day off from school.
Mackenzie wanted to do something fun during her day off from school.
Jack and Mackenzie knew that the library had story time on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Jack and Mackenzie's mother told them they could go to the library every Tuesday for their story time.
Jack and Mackenzie packed up the car.
Jack and Mackenzie drove to the library.
Jack and Mackenzie were ready for a fun morning.
When Jack and Mackenzie arrived at the story room, there were lots of other children their age.
The other children were all sitting cross-legged and ready for the story of the day.
The teacher told Jack and Mackenzie they would be reading 'The Wild Horse'.
The teacher began to tell the story of Majestic, the wild horse who could not be calmed.
Majestic was a wild horse.
Majestic's people had tried to break him.
Majestic was wild at heart.
Every time Majestic was taken to the river to drink, he would run straight into the water.
Majestic would get soaking wet.
Majestic would splash and play until he was ready to go back home.
Majestic would sleep for hours after playing.
Majestic had worn himself out playing.
Once there was a white horse named Bob.
Bob lived in a house with his best friend.
Bob's best friend was a cat named Shelly.
Shelly loved to play baseball.
Bob and Shelly would go to the park.
Bob and Shelly played baseball with Lucy.
Lucy was a lamb who lived next door.
It was Friday morning.
Bob and Shelly were in the park waiting for Lucy.
Lucy was late.
When Lucy finally showed up, she had forgotten the ball.
Bob asked, 'What can we use for a ball?'
Bob and Shelly looked around.
There were rocks, but the rocks were too hard.
There could get mud out of the pond, but the mud would be too soft and splat when they hit it with the wooden bat.
Bob, being the tallest, saw that in a pile of plants there were melons growing.
Bob suggested, 'Let's use a melon.'
Shelly, the practical one, said, 'That's stupid.'
Lucy said, 'No, hear him out.'
Lucy suggested, 'It might work.'
Bob insisted, 'It'll work.'
Bob picked a melon and handed it to Shelly.
Bob told Shelly, 'You pitch.'
Shelly expressed concern, 'This is going to end badly, I'm afraid.'
Shelly threw the melon at Bob who stood over home plate.
Bob said, 'I know what I'm doing.'
Bob swung the bat as hard as he could.
When the bat hit the melon, the melon splatted into a million pieces.
Sticky pieces rained down on Bob, Shelly, Lucy, and a wedding party that had been setting up nearby.
Bob said, 'Oops.'
Link Merwell went down again.
Dave looked at Nat Poole.
Dave thought that Nat Poole might possibly attack him.
Nat Poole was too scared to do anything.
Nat Poole backed away to a safe distance.
Nat Poole cried, 'Don--don't you dare to hit me, Porter!' in a trembling voice.
Nat Poole warned Dave not to hit him.
Nat Poole threatened to tell Doctor Clay if Dave hit him.
Dave replied that he would not lay his fingers on Nat Poole if Nat Poole behaved himself.
Dave stated that Link Merwell brought the situation on himself.
Dave expressed concern that Link Merwell was pretty badly hurt.
Dave assured Nat Poole that Link Merwell would come around all right.
Dave advised Nat Poole to see to it that Link Merwell gets to the Hall safely.
Nat Poole asked Dave if he was going to leave him.
Dave confirmed that he wanted to find Henshaw and the others.
Nat Poole wanted to argue with Dave.
Nat Poole did not dare to argue with Dave.
Dave waited until Link Merwell sat up and opened his eyes.
Dave leaped on the ice-boat.
Dave flung off the three skates he found on the ice-boat.
Link Merwell mumbled, 'Going away?' when he could speak.
Dave confirmed that he was going away.
Dave warned Link Merwell to keep a civil tongue in his head.
Dave trimmed the sail of the ice-boat.
Dave shoved the craft around.
Dave started for the river.
Dave was a good deal 'worked up.'
Dave did not deem it wise to let his enemies see that he was worked up.
To be called a 'poorhouse rat' had stung Dave to the quick.
When touched on the subject of being called a 'poorhouse rat,' Dave found his temper as ungovernable as ever.
The characters canvassed the subject of their future travels with considerable earnestness.
Uncle John was bent upon getting to Rome and Venice.
Uncle John wanted to travel from Rome and Venice to Paris.
The nieces were willing to go anywhere Uncle John preferred.
The nieces were sure to enjoy every day of their trip in the old world.
Mr. Watson urged the characters strongly to visit Syracuse.
The characters were not likely to return to Sicily again.
Syracuse was the most famous of all the ancient historic capitals.
Syracuse was only a few hours' journey from Taormina.
It was finally decided to pass a week in Syracuse before returning to the continent.
Preparations were at once begun for their departure.
Kenneth pleaded for one more day to finish his picture of Etna.
Kenneth was allowed one more day to finish his picture of Etna.
Uncle John confessed to being uneasy as long as the characters remained on the scene of his recent exciting experiences.
Mr. Watson advised all the characters not to stray far from the hotel.
There was no certainty that Il Duca would not make another attempt to entrap the characters.
There was no certainty that Il Duca would not seek revenge for the characters' escape from his clutches.
On the afternoon of the next day, the characters were startled by a call from the Duke in person.
The Duke was dressed in his usual faded velvet costume.
The Duke came to the characters leading by the hand a beautiful little girl.
The nieces gazed at the child in astonishment.
Tato wore a gray cloth gown that was ill-fitting and made of coarse material.
No costume could destroy the fairy-like perfection of Tato's form.
No costume could destroy the daintiness of Tato's exquisite features.
Tato stood modestly before the characters with downcast eyes and a troubled expression.
Patsy caught Tato rapturously in her arms.
Patsy covered Tato's face with kisses.
Senator Marco Rubio said he will make a decision on running for president in the next few weeks.
Marco Rubio feels confident that he could obtain the resources to credibly run a campaign and win.
Marco Rubio's confidence comes despite an increasingly crowded GOP field taking shape.
Marco Rubio participated in a wide-ranging interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer.
Marco Rubio gave his thoughts on Republican efforts to defund the president's executive action on immigration.
Marco Rubio further explained why he won't support the administration's new Cuba policy.
Marco Rubio released a new book titled 'American Dreams' on Tuesday.
Marco Rubio is still deciding whether he thinks he can be more effective as president or as a senator under the new majority.
Marco Rubio has already said he won't run for both offices in 2016.
Marco Rubio stated that radicalized individuals are a very real threat to the West.
Marco Rubio mentioned that power players Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush are now considered likely contenders.
Marco Rubio said Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush are both credible and well-funded candidates.
Marco Rubio argued there would still be room for his campaign if he decides to plow forward.
Marco Rubio expressed confidence that if he decides to run for president, he will have the funding and resources necessary to credibly run a campaign and win.
Marco Rubio acknowledged that the longer he waits, the harder it becomes to secure resources for a campaign.
Mitt Romney has told donors that he is considering a 2016 bid.
Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney have already been active in talking with big-money supporters and securing financial resources.
The actions of Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney make it strategically more difficult for other potential contenders like Marco Rubio to lock down support from the GOP's donor class.
The Japanese coast guard has rescued a British woman on a solo round-the-world trip.
The British woman's boat was damaged when it rolled several times during a tropical storm.
The British woman's team said the rescue occurred on Friday.
Sarah Outen is the British woman who was rescued by the coast guard in rough seas on Friday afternoon.
The London2London team wrote about Sarah Outen's rescue on its website.
Sarah Outen is now making her way back to Japan.
The team is awaiting final confirmation of details of Sarah Outen's arrival in Japan.
The team will provide more information once they have further details.
A nearby merchant vessel kept watch on Sarah Outen until the rescue ship arrived.
A coast guard plane also kept watch on Sarah Outen until the rescue ship arrived.
Sarah Outen is known for traveling around the world on two boats and a bike.
A small amount of water had gotten into the cabin of Sarah Outen's boat, Gulliver.
Sarah Outen was bearing up well and demonstrating strength and resolve.
Sarah Outen's strength and resolve have brought her a huge distance on her journey so far.
Sarah Outen asked for pancakes, cold orange juice, and grapes for her first meal after arriving in Japan.
A second solo British rower is about 280 miles northeast of Sarah Outen's position.
The second solo British rower is also awaiting rescue.
Charlie Martell is the second solo British rower who departed Japan last month.
Charlie Martell is on a quest to row 6,000 miles across the Pacific.
Sarah Outen managed to send updates on Twitter while waiting for rescue.
Sarah Outen wrote on Twitter, 'Trying hard2 smile and breathe calm keep getting interuptd by waves throwing us over.'
Toronto is the most populous city in Canada.
Toronto is the provincial capital of Ontario.
Toronto had a population in 2016 of 2,731,571.
Toronto is the fourth most populous city in North America after Mexico City, New York City, and Los Angeles.
Toronto is the centre of the Greater Toronto Area (GTA).
The Greater Toronto Area (GTA) is the most populous metropolitan area in Canada.
Toronto anchors the Golden Horseshoe.
The Golden Horseshoe is an urbanized region that is home to 9.2 million people.
9.2 million people represent over 26% of the population of Canada.
Toronto is a global city.
Toronto is an international centre of business, finance, arts, and culture.
Toronto is located in Southern Ontario.
Toronto is located on the northwestern shore of Lake Ontario.
Toronto is located on a broad sloping plateau interspersed with rivers, deep ravines, and urban forest.
Indigenous peoples have travelled through and inhabited the area of Toronto for more than 10,000 years.
The Mississaugas surrendered the area of Toronto to the British Crown after the broadly disputed Toronto Purchase.
The British established the town of York in 1793.
York was later designated as the capital of Upper Canada.
During the War of 1812, the town of York was the site of the Battle of York.
The town of York suffered heavy damage by U.S. troops during the War of 1812.
York was renamed and incorporated as the city of Toronto in 1834.
Toronto became the capital of the province of Ontario during Canadian Confederation in 1867.
The city proper of Toronto has expanded past its original borders through both annexation and amalgamation.
The Italian National Institute of Statistics is the main producer of official statistics in Italy.
The Italian National Institute of Statistics is also known as Istituto Nazionale di Statistica.
Istituto Nazionale di Statistica is abbreviated as Istat.
The activities of the Italian National Institute of Statistics include the census of population.
The activities of the Italian National Institute of Statistics include economic censuses.
The activities of the Italian National Institute of Statistics include a number of social surveys.
The activities of the Italian National Institute of Statistics include economic surveys.
The activities of the Italian National Institute of Statistics include environmental surveys and analyses.
Istat is by far the largest producer of statistical information in Italy.
Istat is an active member of the European Statistical System.
The European Statistical System is coordinated by Eurostat.
The publications of Istat are released under creative commons 'Attribution' (CC BY) license.
Istat was created in 1926 as 'Central Institute of Statistics'.
The 'Central Institute of Statistics' is known in Italian as Istituto Centrale di Statistica.
Istat was created to collect and organize essential data about the nation.
Istat took its current denomination with the reform of 1989.
The reform of 1989 gave Istat statutory responsibility for the coordination and standardization of official statistics.
The official statistics are collected or published under the aegis of the national statistical system SISTAN.
The membership of SISTAN includes the statistical offices of ministries.
The membership of SISTAN includes national agencies.
The membership of SISTAN includes regions.
The membership of SISTAN includes provinces.
The membership of SISTAN includes communes.
The membership of SISTAN includes chambers of commerce.
The membership of SISTAN includes similar bodies.
Since 4 August 2009, Enrico Giovannini has been the President of the Italian National Institute of Statistics.
Enrico Giovannini was the former Chief statistician of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
Istat has 18 regional offices.
The regional offices of Istat host public access points named 'Centri di informazione statistica'.
'Centri di informazione statistica' translates to Statistical information centers.
The center in Rome offers data from Eurostat.
David and Lucy waited in their mom's truck.
David and Lucy were going to the circus to see the clowns.
David and Lucy's mom had to take their little brother back into the house to get more diapers.
David and Lucy's mom had to take their little brother back into the house to go to the bathroom.
David was worried because David did not want to miss the wolf clown.
Lucy watched her little brother rub his chin.
Lucy asked her little brother, 'Why are you looking out the window?'
Lucy said, 'Mom needs to hurry. We might miss the clowns.'
Lucy said, 'I am going to get out of the truck and draw triangles in the sand.'
David cried, 'No! You might make us miss it.'
Before Lucy could get out of the truck, Lucy saw her mom and little brother walk out of the house.
David and Lucy's mom got in the truck.
David and Lucy's mom asked, 'Okay kids are we ready to go?'
David and Lucy yelled, 'Yes!'
When David and Lucy got to the circus, David and Lucy saw all the clowns.
David and Lucy's little brother was too young to go into the tent.
David and Lucy's mom stayed with their little brother.
The show ended and David and Lucy walked to the truck.
David asked Lucy, 'What do you have there?'
Lucy said, 'It is a bag I found in the tent.'
David said, 'We have to return that Lucy.'
David and Lucy's mom said, 'Why? It has cool stuff in it. I found it.'
David and Lucy's mom said, 'It is not ours.'
Lucy frowned as David and Lucy walked to the lost and found and gave the bag back.
Then David, Lucy, and their mom all went home.
When David, Lucy, and their mom were washing up to go to bed, Lucy said, 'I fear some of those clowns. The wolf one was scary.'
David said, 'Lucy, I can save you. The wolf clown was a person in make-up.'
With that, David and Lucy shut off the bathroom light and went to bed.
A great day was had by David, Lucy, and their mom.
Jack and James were good friends.
One day, Jack and James were walking through the desert.
During the journey, Jack and James had a big fight.
Jack hit James in the face.
James felt hurt.
James did not say anything after being hit.
Instead, James wrote in the sand: 'Today my best friend hit me in the face.'
Jack and James kept on walking until they found an oasis.
Jack and James decided to get some water at the oasis.
Suddenly, James had trouble in the water.
James fell into the mire and was in danger.
Jack saved James at once.
When James felt okay, he wrote on a stone: 'Today my best friend saved my life.'
Jack asked James, 'After I hurt you, you wrote in the sand, and now you wrote on the stone. Why?'
James explained that when someone hurts us, we should write it down in the sand.
James stated that the wind of forgiveness can blow away what is written in the sand.
James said that when someone does anything good for us, we must write it down on the stone.
James emphasized that no wind can blow away what is written on the stone.
Since that time, Jack and James have never fought with each other again.
Hatred can bring nothing but unhappiness.
If a person does not forgive others, that person is making trouble for themselves.
A person should keep a peaceful heart all the time.
A person should remember to be always thankful to those who have helped them.
There was once a group of kittens who all liked to play together.
The names of the kittens were Fluffy, Snowball, Cookie Monster, and Larry.
Fluffy was the leader of the group.
Whatever Fluffy said, the other kittens did.
One day, Fluffy said, 'Hey, everybody, let's go chase some mice.'
Everyone except Larry said 'Yes!'
Larry did not want to chase mice.
Larry wanted to drink some milk.
Larry told Fluffy that he wanted to drink some milk.
Fluffy only said 'too bad.'
So everyone except Larry went off to chase mice.
The next day, Fluffy said, 'Hey, everybody, let's go annoy the dogs.'
Everyone except Larry said 'Yes.'
Larry thought it was a bad idea.
Larry told Fluffy that he thought it was a bad idea.
Fluffy only said, 'Too bad.'
So everyone except Larry went off to annoy the dogs.
When the kittens annoyed the dogs, the dogs became very angry.
The dogs started growling.
The dogs caught the kittens in their paws.
The kittens yelled, 'Help us!'
Larry heard the kittens yelling for help.
Larry ran over and hissed at the dogs.
The dogs could not see Larry, only his shadow.
Larry's shadow looked very big.
The dogs got scared and ran away.
The kittens cheered.
The kittens said, 'Yay Larry! We'll do anything you want!'
There once was a girl named Erin.
Erin had a really close friend named Kevin.
Erin and Kevin really liked being with each other.
It was difficult for Erin and Kevin to be together because Erin lived in England.
Kevin lived in the United States.
Erin and Kevin both liked traveling.
Erin wanted to see Kevin.
Erin planned a trip to see Kevin in the United States one summer.
Erin and Kevin had planned to travel around where Kevin lived.
Erin and Kevin planned to go to see New York City at one point.
Erin and Kevin wanted to see the sights in New York City.
Erin and Kevin wanted to have a really nice steak dinner together.
Once Erin arrived, she met Kevin at the airport.
Erin ran up to Kevin and jumped into his arms.
Erin gave Kevin a great big hug.
Erin and Kevin drove home.
Kevin helped Erin organize her things.
Erin and Kevin changed and watched a movie together.
The next day, Erin and Kevin went out to have breakfast at the diner.
Erin and Kevin thought about getting eggs, French toast, or cereal.
Erin and Kevin couldn't make up their minds about breakfast.
Finally, Kevin asked the worker to bring out pancakes for the two of them to share.
Erin and Kevin had a really fun time together.
Erin and Kevin visited the beach.
Erin and Kevin watched movies together.
Erin and Kevin visited New York City like they had planned.
In the morning, Erin and Kevin went to see the Empire State Building.
In the afternoon, Erin and Kevin saw the Statue of Liberty.
In the afternoon, Erin and Kevin saw Central Park.
At night, Erin and Kevin went to have their dinner.
Erin and Kevin went back to their hotel.
As Erin's trip was ending, Erin became really sad about leaving Kevin.
Erin and Kevin talked and came up with a plan for the months ahead.
The plan made Erin feel a lot better.
Erin then went home.
Erin waited for Kevin to come to see her.
One sunny day, Lisa went to the park to play.
One sunny day, Jane went to the park to play.
Lisa was eating her sandwich.
Lisa saw Jane swinging with Josh.
Josh and Jane have been friends for 3 years.
Josh and Jane love to play together with Lisa.
Lisa made a sandwich for Jane.
Lisa made a sandwich for Josh.
Lisa called Jane over to eat.
Lisa called Josh over to eat.
Josh grabbed one sandwich and took a bite.
Jane didn't eat her sandwich.
Jane only ate the chips.
Lisa asked if Jane and Josh wanted to go play on the slide.
Jane wanted to go play on the slide.
Josh wanted to go play on the slide.
Josh went down the slide first.
Jane was scared because the slide was too high up.
Josh told Jane that if Lisa can go down the slide, she can too.
Lisa went down the slide with no problem.
Jane went up the slide and closed her eyes.
When Jane opened her eyes, she was at the bottom of the slide.
Jane had gone down the slide.
Lisa and Josh were cheering for Jane.
Jane was very happy that she went down the slide.
Since Jane went down the slide, everyone had a cupcake.
Art film stills are often overlooked.
The photographers of film stills tend to be anonymous.
It is easy to imagine the work of photographers being done by the director or cinematographer.
The images of film stills are often lumped in with the promotional machinery.
The promotional machinery documents the stars frolicking on set.
The promotional machinery documents the stars getting down to business.
The promotional machinery is just another form of salesmanship.
The work of Ernst Haas is striking.
Ernst Haas was one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers.
Ernst Haas was an early member of the Magnum Photos cooperative.
Ernst Haas was famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a Museum of Modern Art exhibit in 1962.
Ernst Haas was a regular on movie sets.
Working on film sets was a necessity in the early days, according to John Jacob.
John Jacob is the editor of a new book of Ernst Haas' movie photography titled 'Ernst Haas: On Set.'
Working on film sets was really important to Magnum.
All of the photographers working with Magnum in the '50s did films.
The work on film sets paid off financially for the photographers.
The photographers established relationships with members of the industry.
The stars and directors knew what they were getting from photographers like Ernst Haas.
Photographers such as Ernst Haas were entrusted to bring their talent and style to the work.
The photographers are definitely producing work for posterity.
The work produced by photographers has their own fingerprint on it.
The distinction of Ernst Haas' work is obvious from looking at it.
Some of Ernst Haas' work is as famous as the movies he worked on.
Powell was again the first to throw the hammer.
The hammer went two feet beyond Powell's first mark.
Tom said, 'Good for you, Songbird!'
Tom wished that Powell had made it a yard.
Jackson came up with a scowling face.
Jackson did his best in the contest.
Jackson fell behind Powell by four inches this time.
The youth who composed songs laughed and said, 'You ought to have stuck to the other hammer, Jackson.'
Jackson whispered fiercely, 'Don't you throw that up to me!'
Jackson threatened, 'If you do I'll hammer you for it.'
Tom asked, 'Is that meant for a pun, Jackson?'
Jackson replied, 'No, it ain't. I won't stand being slurred.'
Jackson stated, 'I'll pound you good.'
Tom asked, 'With the hammer?'
Jackson replied, 'No, with my fists.'
Tom responded, 'Really? Well, you'll have to spell able first.'
Tom came next to throw the hammer, as before.
The hammer flew out four feet and nine inches beyond Tom's first mark.
Major Larry said, 'That shows what the other hammer can do.'
Larson was as much out of sorts as Jackson.
Larson resolved to do his best to win the contest.
Larson swung the hammer with a mighty swing.
The hammer circled through the air.
Larson's throw was behind Tom's by fourteen inches.
'Hurrah! Tom Rover wins!' was the cry.
Many rushed forward to congratulate Tom Rover.
Larson and Jackson retired quickly and in great disgust.
The next contest was a dash of two hundred yards.
A boy named Bird won the dash contest.
Tom sang out, 'He's a bird!'
The crowd laughed heartily at Tom's comment.
Mervyn made his appearance in a vehement hurry at the end of a week.
Cecily's next sister is an officer's wife.
Cecily's next sister was coming home with two little children for a farewell visit before going to the Cape.
Maria and Bertha must make way for Cecily's next sister.
Mervyn wanted to take Phoebe home that afternoon to get the Underwood ready for Cecily's next sister and her children.
Phoebe expressed that she was not nearly ready to go.
Mervyn exclaimed with something of his old temper about Phoebe's readiness.
Phoebe stated that the house has been in such a state.
Mervyn questioned if Phoebe was needed to nurse the sick man.
Mervyn thought Phoebe was someone who could be trusted.
Mervyn asked what more there was to do.
Phoebe looked at her list of commissions.
Phoebe found herself convicted regarding her tasks.
The patterns ought to have been sent back two days since.
Phoebe reflected on what she had been doing.
Phoebe had been listening to Mr. Randolf's explanations of the Hiawatha scenery.
Phoebe had not written a note about the hideous hearth-rug.
Mr. Randolf was looking over Stowe's Survey of London.
Methodical Phoebe felt herself in disgrace.
Phoebe wanted a reprieve from exile at Hiltonbury.
Phoebe felt alone and away from all that was going on.
Phoebe wanted to hear whether Macbeth at the Princess's Theatre fulfilled Mr. Randolf's conceptions of it.
Phoebe wanted to know if Mr. Currie approved his grand map of the Newcastle district.
Phoebe had taught Mr. Currie to draw little trees.
