"Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!" is a song from the 1968 musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day."
"Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!" is sung by the cast as a release from the dramatic tension of the story.
"Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!" is incorporated into the 1977 musical film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh."
"The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" is used as the promotional tagline for the song "Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!"
"The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes.
"The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" includes the featurette "Blustery Day."
In the song "Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!", Winnie the Pooh and Piglet are hailed as heroes.
Winnie the Pooh is hailed as a hero for saving Piglet's life.
Piglet is hailed as a hero for giving Owl his grand home in the beech tree.
"Heffalumps and Woozles" is a song.
"Heffalumps and Woozles" is from the 1968 Walt Disney musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
The song "Heffalumps and Woozles" was written by the Sherman Brothers.
The song "Heffalumps and Woozles" was performed by The Mellomen.
The song "Heffalumps and Woozles" is also in the 1977 full-length feature film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
The House That Jack Built is a 1967 animated short.
The House That Jack Built was produced by the National Film Board of Canada.
The House That Jack Built is based on the nursery rhyme 'This Is the House That Jack Built.'
Ron Tunis directed The House That Jack Built.
Wolf Koenig wrote and produced The House That Jack Built.
The House That Jack Built is an eight-minute film.
The House That Jack Built was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
The House That Jack Built lost the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film to 'Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day' at the 41st Academy Awards.
Jack is desperate to escape his nine-to-five life.
Jack trades his car for a handful of beans, mirroring the fairy tale.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins was born on August 16, 1969 in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins is also known as Kate Davis.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins is an American voice actress.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins is a singer.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins is a jazz pianist.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins has major voice roles in English-language adaptations of Japanese anime.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins is best known as the voice of Sakura Haruno in 'Naruto'.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins has voiced C.C. in 'Code Geass'.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins has voiced Saber in the original 'Fate/stay Night'.
In 2010, Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins voiced Miles 'Tails' Prower in the video game series 'Sonic the Hedgehog'.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins voices Kate in the 'Alpha and Omega' sequels.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins voices Stinky in the 'Alpha and Omega' sequels.
Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins voices Lilly in the 'Alpha and Omega' sequels.
In 2014, Catherine Davis 'Kate' Higgins became the voice of Ami Mizuno / Sailor Mercury in the Viz English dub of 'Sailor Moon'.
The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers is the theme song of Tigger.
Tigger is a fictional tiger from the children's book series Winnie-the-Pooh.
Tigger's birthday is believed to be in October 1928.
October 1928 is the year that The House at Pooh Corner was first published.
Disney often indicates Tigger's birth year as 1968 on Tigger-related merchandise.
The year 1968 is a reference to the first year that Tigger appeared in a Disney production.
The first Disney production that Tigger appeared in is Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
Tigger first sang The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers in Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
The song The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers is repeated in Disney's 1974 release Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too!
The song The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers is also repeated in The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh ride.
The song The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers is repeated again in the 1977 release The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers opens up the 2000 release of The Tigger Movie.
In 1974, Paul Winchell earned a Grammy for his rendition of The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers.
James Jonah Cummings was born on November 3, 1952.
James Jonah Cummings is an American voice actor.
James Jonah Cummings is a singer.
James Jonah Cummings has appeared in almost 400 roles.
James Jonah Cummings is known for voicing the title character from 'Darkwing Duck'.
James Jonah Cummings is known for voicing Dr. Robotnik from 'Sonic the Hedgehog'.
James Jonah Cummings is known for voicing Pete.
James Jonah Cummings has voiced other characters including Winnie the Pooh.
James Jonah Cummings has voiced other characters including Tigger.
James Jonah Cummings has voiced other characters including the Tasmanian Devil.
James Jonah Cummings has performed in numerous Disney animations.
James Jonah Cummings has performed in numerous DreamWorks animations.
James Jonah Cummings has performed in 'Aladdin'.
James Jonah Cummings has performed in 'The Lion King'.
James Jonah Cummings has performed in 'Balto'.
James Jonah Cummings has performed in 'Antz'.
James Jonah Cummings has performed in 'The Road to El Dorado'.
James Jonah Cummings has performed in 'Shrek'.
James Jonah Cummings has performed in 'The Princess and the Frog'.
James Jonah Cummings has provided voice-over work for video games.
James Jonah Cummings has provided voice-over work for 'Icewind Dale'.
James Jonah Cummings has provided voice-over work for 'Fallout'.
James Jonah Cummings has provided voice-over work for 'Baldur's Gate'.
James Jonah Cummings has provided voice-over work for 'Mass Effect 2'.
James Jonah Cummings has provided voice-over work for 'Splatterhouse'.
The Rain Rain Rain Came Down Down Down is a narrative song.
The Rain Rain Rain Came Down Down Down is from the Walt Disney musical film featurette, Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
The song is incorporated into the 1977 musical film, The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes.
One of the featurettes included in The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is Blustery Day.
The song was written by the Sherman Brothers.
The Sherman Brothers have written most of the music for the Winnie-the-Pooh franchise over the many years.
The song was sung by an unidentified off-screen chorus.
Occasional lines of the song were sung by Sterling Holloway.
Sterling Holloway was a veteran character actor.
Sterling Holloway provided the voice of Pooh.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is a 1968 animated featurette.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is based on the third, fifth, ninth, and tenth chapters from 'Winnie-the-Pooh'.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is based on the second, eighth, and ninth chapters from 'The House at Pooh Corner'.
A. A. Milne is the author of 'Winnie-the-Pooh' and 'The House at Pooh Corner'.
The featurette was produced by Walt Disney Productions.
The featurette was released by Buena Vista Distribution Company on December 20, 1968.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was released as a double feature with 'The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit'.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was the second of the studio's Winnie the Pooh shorts.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was later added as a segment to the 1977 film 'The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh'.
The music for Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was written by Richard M. Sherman.
The music for Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was written by Robert B. Sherman.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day was notable for being the last animated short produced by Walt Disney.
Walt Disney died during the production of Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
A Rather Blustery Day is a whimsical song.
A Rather Blustery Day is from the Walt Disney musical film featurette, Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
Robert & Richard Sherman wrote A Rather Blustery Day.
Jim Cummings sang A Rather Blustery Day as Pooh.
Little Black Rain Cloud is a song from the 1966 musical film featurette Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree.
An instrumental version of Little Black Rain Cloud is played in the next featurette Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day.
Little Black Rain Cloud was subsequently incorporated into the 1977 musical film The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is an amalgamation of the three previous Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including Honey Tree.
In the song Little Black Rain Cloud, Winnie the Pooh comments about the on-screen actions.
Winnie the Pooh is pretending to be a Little Black Rain Cloud, as the title implies.
It is Winnie the Pooh's hope that the Honey Bees will not notice him as he approaches their coveted honey.
A universal remote is a remote control.
A universal remote can be programmed to operate various brands of one or more types of consumer electronics devices.
Low-end universal remotes can only control a set number of devices.
The set number of devices that low-end universal remotes can control is determined by their manufacturer.
Mid-end universal remotes allow the user to program in new control codes to the remote.
High-end universal remotes allow the user to program in new control codes to the remote.
Many remotes sold with various electronic devices include universal remote capabilities.
Universal remote capabilities allow the remote to control other devices beyond the device it came with.
A VCR remote may be programmed to operate various brands of televisions.
In electronics, a remote control is a component of an electronic device.
A remote control is used to operate the electronic device wirelessly from a distance.
In consumer electronics, a remote control can be used to operate devices such as a television set.
In consumer electronics, a remote control can be used to operate devices such as a DVD player.
In consumer electronics, a remote control can be used to operate other home appliances.
A remote control is used to operate devices from a short distance.
A remote control is primarily a convenience feature for the user.
A remote control can allow operation of devices that are out of convenient reach for direct operation of controls.
In some cases, remote controls allow a person to operate a device that they otherwise would not be able to reach.
A garage door opener can be triggered from outside using a remote control.
A Digital Light Processing projector that is mounted on a high ceiling can be controlled by a person from the floor level using a remote control.
The Apple Remote is a remote control device.
The Apple Remote was released in or after October 2005.
Apple Inc. is the manufacturer of the Apple Remote.
The Apple Remote is designed for use with a number of Apple Inc. products.
The products that use the Apple Remote have infrared capabilities.
The Apple Remote was originally designed to interact with the Front Row media program.
The Front Row media program was designed for the iSight iMac G5.
The Apple Remote is compatible with some later desktop Macintosh computers.
The Apple Remote is compatible with some later portable Macintosh computers.
The first three generations of Apple TV used the Apple Remote as their primary control mechanism.
The Apple Remote has now been replaced with the Siri Remote in the fourth generation of Apple TV.
Prior to the Apple Remote, Apple Inc. produced several nameless IR remotes.
The nameless IR remotes were produced for products such as the Macintosh TV.
The nameless IR remotes were produced for TV tuner expansion boards.
The nameless IR remotes were produced for the PowerCD drive.
The Siri Remote is a remote control device.
The Siri Remote was released in tandem with the 4th Generation Apple TV.
The release of the Siri Remote occurred at an Apple Keynote Address.
Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple Inc.
The Apple Keynote Address took place on October 26, 2015.
Apple Inc. is the company that released the Siri Remote.
The Siri Remote is designed specifically to work with the always-on Siri capable Apple TV.
The Siri Remote is a successor of the original Apple Remote.
The Siri Remote is compatible with the Apple TV 4K.
NetSupport Manager is a Windows-centric cross-platform remote control software.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management from a Windows device.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management from a Windows Mobile device.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management of Windows devices.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management of Mac devices.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management of Linux devices.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management of Solaris devices.
NetSupport Manager allows remote screen control and systems management of Mobile devices.
NetSupport Manager was first released for DOS only networks in 1989.
NetSupport Manager supports thumbnail display of unlimited remote systems since version 10.
NetSupport Manager allows navigation between remote systems in a manner similar to a KVM switch.
NetSupport Manager includes functionality such as file transfers.
NetSupport Manager includes functionality such as chat.
NetSupport Manager includes functionality such as hardware/software inventory.
NetSupport Manager includes functionality such as software updates.
Fewer features are supported for Linux clients.
Fewer features are supported for Mac clients.
In 2012, NetSupport introduced new software versions allowing Remote Control from iOS tablets.
In 2012, NetSupport introduced new software versions allowing Remote Control from Android tablets.
In 2012, NetSupport introduced new software versions allowing Remote Control from iOS smartphones.
In 2012, NetSupport introduced new software versions allowing Remote Control from Android smartphones.
In 2012, NetSupport introduced a new Mac OS Control.
Version 12 of NetSupport Manager was released in October 2013.
Version 12 extended platform support to include ChromeOS clients.
Mobile Remote Control from iOS was extended with additional capabilities.
Mobile Remote Control from Android was extended with additional capabilities.
All versions of NetSupport Manager require the pre-installation of the software on both the local computers prior to use.
All versions of NetSupport Manager require the pre-installation of the software on both the remote computers prior to use.
Local computers are referred to as Control computers.
Remote computers are referred to as Client computers.
Front Row is a discontinued media center software application.
Front Row was designed for Apple's Macintosh computers.
Front Row was designed for Apple TV.
Front Row is used for navigating and viewing video, photos, podcasts, and music.
Front Row can access content from a computer.
Front Row can access content from an optical disc.
Front Row can access content from the Internet.
Front Row features a 10-foot user interface.
The 10-foot user interface of Front Row is similar to Windows Media Center.
The 10-foot user interface of Front Row is similar to Kodi.
Front Row relies on iTunes.
Front Row relies on iPhoto.
Front Row is controlled by an Apple Remote.
Front Row can also be controlled by the keyboard function keys.
The first version of Front Row was released in October 2005.
Front Row has had two major revisions since its first version.
Front Row was removed and discontinued in Mac OS X 10.7.
Apple Watch is a line of smartwatches developed by Apple Inc.
Apple Watch is designed by Apple Inc.
Apple Watch is marketed by Apple Inc.
Apple Watch incorporates fitness tracking capabilities.
Apple Watch incorporates health-oriented capabilities.
Apple Watch has integration with iOS.
Apple Watch has integration with other Apple products and services.
The original generation of the Apple Watch was available in four variants.
The four variants of the original generation of the Apple Watch are Apple Watch Sport, Apple Watch, Apple Watch Hermès, and Apple Watch Edition.
The variants of the original generation of the Apple Watch are distinguished by different combinations of cases.
The variants of the original generation of the Apple Watch are distinguished by first- or third-party interchangeable bands.
Apple Watch relies on a wirelessly connected iPhone to perform many of its default functions.
The default functions of the Apple Watch include calling.
The default functions of the Apple Watch include texting.
Apple Watch is compatible with the iPhone 5 or later models.
Apple Watch requires iOS 8.2 or later to function.
Apple Watch connects through the use of Wi-Fi.
Apple Watch connects through the use of Bluetooth.
Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple.
Tim Cook announced the Apple Watch in September 2014.
The Apple Watch was released on April 24, 2015.
The Apple Watch quickly became the best-selling wearable device.
The supply of Apple Watch was 4.2 million smartwatches in the second quarter of the 2015 fiscal year.
The second generation of Apple Watch was released in September 2016.
The second generation of Apple Watch includes two tiers: Apple Watch Series 2 and Apple Watch Series 1.
Apple Watch Series 1 includes the S1P chip.
Apple Watch Series 1 is otherwise identical to the original Apple Watch.
The Series 3 of Apple Watch was announced at a presentation at Apple Park on September 12, 2017.
The Series 3 of Apple Watch was released on September 22, 2017.
MacScan is an anti-malware utility for Apple's Mac OS X.
MacScan was developed by SecureMac.
MacScan is aimed at removing malware.
Malware includes spyware, Trojan horses, keystroke loggers, and tracking cookies.
MacScan was the first anti-spyware program released for Mac OS X.
MacScan scans for remote administration programs.
An example of a remote administration program is Apple Remote Desktop.
MacScan allows users to verify that remote administration programs are installed only with their authorization.
Trainmaster Command (TMCC) is Lionel's electronic control system for O scale 3-rail model trains and toy trains.
TMCC mainly ran from 1994 to 2006.
TMCC is conceptually similar to Digital Command Control (DCC).
DCC is the industry's open standard used by HO scale and other 2-rail DC trains.
TMCC has one advantage over DCC.
TMCC-equipped locomotives can run simultaneously with non-TMCC locomotives.
TMCC-equipped locomotives can run simultaneously with Lionel Legacy engines.
TMCC-equipped locomotives can run simultaneously with LionChief and LionChief Plus equipped locomotives.
LionChief and LionChief Plus equipped locomotives require a dedicated remote controller.
MTH Corporation's DCS controller can be configured to control TMCC locomotives.
All four systems (TMCC, Legacy, LionChief/LionChief+, and DCS) can be operated on the same track simultaneously.
Each system simply requires a constant track voltage of 18 volts.
TMCC/Legacy broadcasts its signal to the antenna on the locomotives.
The locomotives listen for signals that first identify the particular locomotive by number.
TMCC/Legacy issues commands regarding speed, direction, sounds, lighting, and other features.
DCS performs similar functions to TMCC/Legacy.
DCS transmits a carrier over the rails.
The carrier is picked up through the locomotive's electrical pickup contacts.
TMCC/Legacy and DCS remote controls relay operator commands to a device.
The device transmits the commands to the train (Command Base or Track Interface Unit).
LionChief/LionChief+ also issue remote control commands.
The remote and locomotive for LionChief/LionChief+ are married.
Each LionChief/LionChief+ locomotive requires a separate remote control.
The LionChief/LionChief+ system requires no additional wiring.
The control for LionChief/LionChief+ is directly narrowcast to the locomotive.
The narrowcasting functions similarly to a television remote control or garage door opener.
In 2017, Lionel released a universal remote for LionChief+.
The universal remote for LionChief+ can learn addresses for up to three locomotives at a time.
The universal remote simplifies the operation of multiple trains.
Apple Remote Desktop is a Macintosh application.
Apple Remote Desktop is produced by Apple Inc.
Apple Remote Desktop was first released on March 14, 2002.
Apple Remote Desktop replaced a similar product called 'Apple Network Assistant'.
Apple Remote Desktop is aimed at computer administrators responsible for large numbers of computers.
Apple Remote Desktop is aimed at teachers who need to assist individuals or perform group demonstrations.
Apple Remote Desktop allows users to remotely control other computers over a network.
Apple Remote Desktop allows users to monitor other computers over a network.
Wolf Alice is a four-piece alternative rock band.
Wolf Alice is from North London.
Wolf Alice was formed initially as a two-person band in 2010.
The members of Wolf Alice since 2012 are Ellie Rowsell, Joff Oddie, Theo Ellis, and Joel Amey.
Ellie Rowsell is a member of Wolf Alice and plays vocals and guitar.
Joff Oddie is a member of Wolf Alice and plays guitars and vocals.
Theo Ellis is a member of Wolf Alice and plays bass.
Joel Amey is a member of Wolf Alice and plays drums and vocals.
Tom Rothrock is an international record producer.
Tom Rothrock is a composer.
Tom Rothrock is a musician.
Tom Rothrock is the owner of Bong Load Records.
Tom Rothrock has worked with James Blunt.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Foo Fighters.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Moby.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Beck.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Badly Drawn Boy.
Tom Rothrock has worked with R. L. Burnside.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Athlete.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Sloan.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Gwen Stefani.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Motörhead.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Elbow.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Stevie Nicks.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Poison.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Elliott Smith.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Richard Thompson.
Tom Rothrock has worked with Yonder Mountain String Band.
Tom Rothrock has composed soundtracks for notable motion pictures.
Tom Rothrock has contributed to soundtracks for notable motion pictures.
Notable motion pictures include 'About A Boy'.
Notable motion pictures include 'Good Will Hunting'.
Notable motion pictures include 'Collateral'.
Notable motion pictures include 'The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie'.
The discography of Badly Drawn Boy includes eight studio albums.
The eight studio albums include two soundtracks.
The discography of Badly Drawn Boy includes one compilation.
The discography of Badly Drawn Boy includes six extended plays.
The discography of Badly Drawn Boy includes twenty-one singles.
The first EP and several singles were released on Badly Drawn Boy's own label 'Twisted Nerve'.
Badly Drawn Boy started the label 'Twisted Nerve' with Andy Votel.
Andy Votel is a like-minded Manchester musician.
Badly Drawn Boy rose in popularity in 1997.
Badly Drawn Boy joined Thom Yorke, Richard Ashcroft, and Mike D on the UNKLE album 'Psyence Fiction'.
The UNKLE album 'Psyence Fiction' was celebrity-filled.
The 1999 single 'Once Around the Block' achieved mild UK chart success.
Due to the mild UK chart success of the 1999 single 'Once Around the Block', XL Recordings signed up Badly Drawn Boy.
XL Recordings signed up Badly Drawn Boy to release the debut album 'The Hour of Bewilderbeast' in 2000.
The album 'The Hour of Bewilderbeast' won critical praise.
The album 'The Hour of Bewilderbeast' won Britain's acclaimed Mercury Prize for Best Album.
The album 'The Hour of Bewilderbeast' caught the attention of author Nick Hornby.
Nick Hornby asked Badly Drawn Boy to score the film being made for his book 'About a Boy'.
Something to Talk About is a song by Badly Drawn Boy.
Badly Drawn Boy is a British musical artist.
Something to Talk About is from the album About a Boy.
Something to Talk About was released as a single on 30 July 2002.
Something to Talk About peaked at number 28 on the UK Singles Chart.
About a Boy is a 2002 British-American-French comedy-drama film.
About a Boy was produced by Jane Rosenthal.
About a Boy was produced by Robert De Niro.
About a Boy was produced by Brad Epstein.
About a Boy was produced by Tim Bevan.
About a Boy was produced by Eric Fellner.
About a Boy was co-written by Chris Weitz.
About a Boy was co-written by Paul Weitz.
About a Boy was directed by Chris Weitz.
About a Boy was directed by Paul Weitz.
The music for About a Boy was composed by Badly Drawn Boy.
About a Boy was written by Peter Hedges.
About a Boy is an adaptation of the 1998 novel of the same name.
The 1998 novel of the same name was written by Nick Hornby.
The film stars Hugh Grant.
The film stars Nicholas Hoult.
The film stars Toni Collette.
The film stars Rachel Weisz.
About a Boy at times uses double voice-over narration.
In About a Boy, the audience hears both Will's and Marcus's thoughts.
Silent Sigh is a single by Badly Drawn Boy.
Badly Drawn Boy is a British musical artist.
Silent Sigh is from the soundtrack to the film About a Boy.
Silent Sigh reached number 16 in the UK Singles Chart.
Damon Michael Gough was born on 2 October 1969.
Damon Michael Gough was born in Dunstable, Bedfordshire.
Damon Michael Gough is known by the stage name Badly Drawn Boy.
Damon Michael Gough is an English indie singer-songwriter.
Damon Michael Gough is a multi-instrumentalist.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast is the debut studio album by Badly Drawn Boy.
Badly Drawn Boy is a British musician.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast was released on 26 June 2000.
Damon Gough performs as Badly Drawn Boy.
Damon Gough wrote, produced, and played several instruments on the album's eighteen tracks.
Several tracks on the album feature accompaniment by members of the British indie rock band Alfie.
Several tracks on the album feature accompaniment by members of the British indie rock band Doves.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast was released to great critical acclaim.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast won the 2000 Mercury Prize.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast has sold 455,000 copies in the United Kingdom as of September 2011.
About a Boy is the second album by Badly Drawn Boy.
Badly Drawn Boy is an English singer-songwriter.
About a Boy was released in 2002.
About a Boy was released under Twisted Nerve Records.
About a Boy was released under XL Recordings.
About a Boy was released in America under ARTISTdirect Records.
ARTISTdirect Records was a short-lived record label.
About a Boy serves as the soundtrack to the film 'About a Boy'.
Gough was chosen to compose the entire soundtrack.
Gough was chosen to perform the entire soundtrack.
Under an Hour is the second full-length album from Menomena.
Menomena is a Portland-based experimental pop/rock group.
The album was originally composed as accompaniment for a performance by Monster Squad.
Monster Squad is a Portland dance company.
The album was performed as accompaniment for a performance by Monster Squad.
The album consists of three instrumental tracks.
The album is considered to be an experimental soundtrack.
The experimental soundtrack is along the lines of Peter Gabriel's soundtrack for 'About a Boy'.
The experimental soundtrack is along the lines of Badly Drawn Boy's soundtrack for 'About a Boy'.
Kasper Gus Ntjalka Williams OAM was known as Gus Williams.
Gus Williams was born on 20 June 1937.
Gus Williams passed away on 13 September 2010.
Gus Williams was a country singer.
Gus Williams was from Hermannsburg in Central Australia.
Gus Williams was an Arrernte man.
Gus Williams was born in Alice Springs.
Gus Williams was the father of country star Warren H Williams.
Kasper Hvidt was born on 6 February 1976 in Copenhagen.
Kasper Hvidt is a Danish retired handball goalkeeper.
Kasper Hvidt lastly played for KIF Kolding.
Kasper Hvidt previously played for the Danish national team.
Kasper Hvidt was selected as the best keeper for the 2008 European Men's Handball Championship.
Kasper Hvidt was voted as Goalkeeper of the Year on March 20, 2009.
Thierry Omeyer was from France.
Thierry Omeyer placed second in the Goalkeeper of the Year voting.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE was born on 18 November 1963.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE is a Danish former professional footballer.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE played as a goalkeeper.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE was voted the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper in 1992.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE was voted the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper in 1993.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE is best remembered for his most successful years at English club Manchester United.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE captained Manchester United to the 1999 UEFA Champions League.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE helped Manchester United complete the Treble.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE won UEFA Euro 1992 with Denmark.
Summer of '92 is a Danish film.
Summer of '92 was directed by Kasper Barfoed.
The film is based on the 1992 UEFA European Football Championship.
The 1992 UEFA European Football Championship was Denmark's greatest ever football triumph.
The Danish football team had qualified for the tournament only after Yugoslavia was disqualified.
Yugoslavia was disqualified as a result of the breakup and warfare in that country.
The film examines the often difficult relationship between the team's coach Richard Møller Nielsen and the Danish Football Association.
The film also examines the relationship between Richard Møller Nielsen and leading players.
The relationships between Richard Møller Nielsen, the Danish Football Association, and leading players led to triumph in 1992.
Edson Arantes do Nascimento was born on 23 October 1940.
Edson Arantes do Nascimento is known as Pelé.
Pelé is a retired Brazilian professional footballer.
Pelé played as a forward.
Pelé is widely regarded as the greatest football player of all time.
In 1999, Pelé was voted World Player of the Century by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics.
In 1999, Pelé was elected Athlete of the Century by the International Olympic Committee.
According to the International Federation of Football History & Statistics, Pelé is the most successful league goal-scorer in the world.
Pelé scored 1281 goals in 1363 games.
The 1363 games included unofficial friendlies and tour games.
During his playing days, Pelé was for a period the best-paid athlete in the world.
The IFFHS World's Best Club Coach is an association football award.
The IFFHS World's Best Club Coach is given annually.
The IFFHS World's Best Club Coach has been awarded since 1996.
The IFFHS World's Best Club Coach is awarded to the most outstanding club coach.
The most outstanding club coach is determined by votes from the International Federation of Football History & Statistics.
In 1996, the votes were cast by IFFHS's editorial staff.
In 1996, the votes were cast by experts from 89 countries.
The 89 countries spanned six different continents.
Since 1996, the votes are awarded by 81 experts.
The votes are awarded by selected editorial offices from all of the continents.
The IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper is a football award.
The IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper is given annually since 1987.
The IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper is awarded to the most outstanding goalkeeper of the year.
The most outstanding goalkeeper of the year is voted by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics.
The votes for the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper are cast by IFFHS's editorial staff.
The votes for the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper are cast by experts from different continents.
Manuel Neuer is the world's best goalkeeper from 2013 to 2016.
Isaak Hassler was born around 1530 in St. Joachimsthal.
Isaak Hassler died on 14 July 1591 in Nuremberg.
Isaak Hassler was a German Lutheran organist.
Isaak Hassler was a music teacher.
Isaak Hassler was mainly active in Nuremberg.
Isaak Hassler is notable as the father of Jakob Hassler.
Isaak Hassler is notable as the father of Hans Leo Hassler.
Isaak Hassler is notable as the father of Kasper Hassler.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel was born on 5 November 1986.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel is a Danish professional footballer.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel plays as a goalkeeper.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel plays for Premier League club Leicester City.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel plays for the Denmark national team.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel is the son of Peter Schmeichel.
Peter Schmeichel was a former Manchester United goalkeeper.
Peter Schmeichel was a Danish international goalkeeper.
Goštautai is the Lithuanian plural form of the noble family name.
Goštautas is the masculine form of the noble family name.
Goštautaitė is the feminine form of the noble family name.
The original form of the family name is Polish, as noted by Kasper Niesiecki.
The original Polish form of the family name is Gastoldowie.
The family name later transformed into Gasztołdowie.
Goštautai were a Lithuanian noble family.
Goštautai were one of the most influential magnate families during the 15th and early 16th centuries.
The only serious rivals of the Goštautai family were the Kęsgailos.
From the end of the 15th century, the Radziwiłł family clan was rising in power and influence.
The Latin original spelling of the Goštautai family name is Gastoldus.
Gastoldus is a variation of the term 'castaldius'.
The Goštautai family had been close to the Grand Dukes.
The function of the Goštautai family was to oversee the ducal demesne.
The Goštautai family gained most of their power during the reign of Casimir Jagiellon.
Andrius Goštautas might have been a voivode of Vilnius and Kreva.
Andrius Goštautas is the father of Jonas.
Andrius Goštautas appears to have been the precursor of the family growth.
The majority of the Goštautai family's possessions were in the western part of the Duchy.
The majority of the Goštautai family's possessions were in eastern ethnic Lithuania.
After the death of the last scion of the Goštautai family, Stanislovas Goštautas, the Polish King and Grand Duke of Lithuania Sigismund II Augustus inherited his possessions.
The inheritance of possessions by Sigismund II Augustus was a matter of right, per Grand Duchy of Lithuania law.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra was born on June 8, 1940.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra is an American singer.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra is an actress.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra is the elder daughter of Frank Sinatra.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra is the elder daughter of Nancy (Barbato) Sinatra.
Nancy Sandra Sinatra is widely known for her 1966 signature hit 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin''.
Kon Kan is a Canadian synthpop project.
Kon Kan was conceived and formed in 1988 by Barry Harris.
Barry Harris is a musician.
Kon Kan was formed in Toronto, Ontario.
Kon Kan were awarded a 1990 Juno for the song 'I Beg Your Pardon'.
Kon Kan were nominated for a 1991 Juno Award for the single 'Puss N' Boots/These Boots Are Made for Walkin''.
Abdul Wali was an Afghan man.
Abdul Wali died in US custody on June 21, 2003.
Abdul Wali was 28 years old at the time of his death.
At the time of Abdul Wali's death, he had been held for three days at the US base 10 miles south of Asadabad.
The US base was located in Kunar Province, Afghanistan.
Abdul Wali was held on suspicion of involvement in a rocket attack on the same base.
The cause of Abdul Wali's death was initially reported to be a heart attack.
The report of a heart attack as the cause of death came into question.
Three members of the U.S. 82nd Airborne Division came forward to testify about the circumstances of Abdul Wali's death.
David Passaro was a CIA contractor.
David Passaro allegedly assaulted Abdul Wali.
David Passaro was a former U.S. Army Ranger.
David Passaro allegedly beat Abdul Wali for two consecutive nights.
The beatings caused grievous injuries to Abdul Wali.
Among the grievous injuries, Abdul Wali suffered a fractured pelvis.
Prosecutors charged that David Passaro ordered soldiers not to allow Abdul Wali to sleep.
Prosecutors charged that David Passaro limited Abdul Wali's access to food and water.
Prosecutors charged that David Passaro subjected Abdul Wali to two consecutive nights of interrogation and beatings.
Abdul Wali suffered a suspected fractured pelvis that would have made it impossible for him to urinate.
Witnesses testified that during one session, David Passaro kicked Abdul Wali in the groin while wearing combat boots.
The kick from David Passaro was hard enough to lift Abdul Wali off the ground.
Witnesses testified that David Passaro threw Abdul Wali to the ground.
Witnesses testified that David Passaro beat Abdul Wali on the arms and legs with a heavy Maglite flashlight.
Witnesses testified that David Passaro vigorously thrust a flashlight into Abdul Wali's abdomen.
After the second night of beatings, Abdul Wali begged the soldiers to kill him.
Abdul Wali moaned a phrase that meant, 'I'm dying.'
Abdul Wali died on his fourth day in custody.
Abdul Wali repeatedly denied any involvement in the rocket attacks.
James A. Shoulders was an American professional rodeo cowboy.
James A. Shoulders was a rancher.
James A. Shoulders was born on May 13, 1928.
James A. Shoulders died on June 20, 2007.
James A. Shoulders is commemorated at the ProRodeo Hall of Fame.
At the time of his death, James A. Shoulders was the most successful contestant in the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association.
James A. Shoulders was known as the 'Babe Ruth of rodeo'.
James A. Shoulders was a spokesperson for a number of commercial products.
The commercial products that James A. Shoulders was a spokesperson for include Miller Lite.
The commercial products that James A. Shoulders was a spokesperson for include Justin Boots.
The commercial products that James A. Shoulders was a spokesperson for include Wrangler Jeans.
James A. Shoulders was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
James A. Shoulders died in Henryetta, Oklahoma.
James A. Shoulders was of English descent.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology is a compilation album.
The Fixx released the Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology in 2006.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology was released in celebration of The Fixx's 25th anniversary.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology contains singles from The Fixx's previous albums.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology contains album tracks from The Fixx's previous albums.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology contains live tracks from The Fixx's previous albums.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology contains a cover version of Nancy Sinatra's song 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin''.
The cover version of 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin'' was originally recorded for the multi-artist album 'When Pigs Fly: Songs You Thought You'd Never Hear'.
The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology includes an eight-page booklet.
The eight-page booklet contains an essay by Josh Norek.
Boots is an EP.
KMFDM is the artist of the EP Boots.
Boots features a cover of the Nancy Sinatra song 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.
Nancy Sinatra is the original artist of the song 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.
Boots was the first release by KMFDM after their three-year hiatus.
Boots is a 1966 debut studio album.
Boots is by Nancy Sinatra.
The album was produced by Lee Hazlewood.
Billy Strange was the arranger and conductor of the album.
The album is titled after the song 'These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.
'These Boots Are Made for Walkin' became a #1 hit for Nancy Sinatra.
Most of the other songs on the album are covers of then-recent hits.
These Boots Are Made for Walkin' is a hit song.
Lee Hazlewood wrote the song These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.
Nancy Sinatra recorded the song These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.
The song charted on January 22, 1966.
The song reached No. 1 in the United States Billboard Hot 100.
The song reached No. 1 in the UK Singles Chart.
Puss N' Boots/These Boots (Are Made for Walkin') is a song.
Puss N' Boots/These Boots (Are Made for Walkin') is by the Canadian synthpop band Kon Kan.
Puss N' Boots/These Boots (Are Made for Walkin') was released as the third single from the 1989 album Move to Move.
The song peaked at #61 in Canada.
The song peaked at #58 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100.
In October 1989, the song peaked at #11 in New Zealand.
Barton Lee Hazlewood was an American country and pop singer.
Barton Lee Hazlewood was a songwriter.
Barton Lee Hazlewood was a record producer.
Barton Lee Hazlewood was most widely known for his work with guitarist Duane Eddy during the late 1950s.
Barton Lee Hazlewood was most widely known for his work with singer Nancy Sinatra in the 1960s.
Barton Lee Hazlewood was born on July 9, 1929.
Barton Lee Hazlewood died on August 4, 2007.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2012–13 season was the 45th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
Shaka Smart was the fourth-year head coach of the 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team played their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The 2012–13 season was the inaugural season of the VCU Rams in the Atlantic 10 Conference (A10).
The VCU Rams spent the past 17 years in the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) before joining the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished the season with a record of 27–9.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team had a record of 12–4 in A10 play.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished in second place in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams advanced to the championship game of the 2013 Atlantic 10 Tournament.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams lost to Saint Louis in the championship game of the 2013 Atlantic 10 Tournament.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams received an at-large bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament.
The 2012–13 NCAA Tournament appearance was the third straight appearance for the VCU Rams.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams defeated Akron in the first round of the 2013 NCAA Tournament.
The 2012–13 VCU Rams lost in the third round of the 2013 NCAA Tournament to Michigan.
The 2009–10 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2009–10 college basketball season.
Shaka Smart was the head coach of the VCU Rams during the 2009–10 season.
This was Shaka Smart's first season at Virginia Commonwealth University.
The VCU Rams compete in the Colonial Athletic Association.
The VCU Rams played their home games at Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The VCU Rams finished the season with a record of 27–9.
The VCU Rams had a record of 11–7 in Colonial Athletic Association play.
The VCU Rams lost in the semifinals of the 2010 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament.
The VCU Rams were champions of the 2010 College Basketball Invitational.
The 1995–96 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 1995–96 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 1995–96 season was the 28th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
The 1995–96 season was the program's first season in the Colonial Athletic Association.
The men's basketball program previously played in the Metro Conference.
The Rams were coached by Sonny Smith.
Sonny Smith was the 7th year head coach.
Virginia Commonwealth University is a public research university.
Virginia Commonwealth University is located in Richmond, Virginia.
Virginia Commonwealth University was founded in 1838.
Virginia Commonwealth University was founded as the medical department of Hampden–Sydney College.
Virginia Commonwealth University became the Medical College of Virginia in 1854.
The Virginia General Assembly merged the Medical College of Virginia with the Richmond Professional Institute in 1968.
The Richmond Professional Institute was founded in 1917.
The merger in 1968 created Virginia Commonwealth University.
In 2015, more than 31,000 students pursued 226 degree and certificate programs through Virginia Commonwealth University's 13 schools and one college.
The VCU Health System supports Virginia Commonwealth University's health care education, research and patient care mission.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2013–14 season was the 46th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
Shaka Smart was the fifth-year head coach of the 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team played their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The 2013–14 season was the second season for the VCU Rams playing in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished the season with a record of 26–9.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team had a conference record of 12–4 in Atlantic 10 play.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished in second place in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team advanced to the championship game of the Atlantic 10 Tournament.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team lost to Saint Joseph's in the championship game of the Atlantic 10 Tournament.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament.
The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team lost in the second round of the NCAA Tournament to Stephen F. Austin.
The 2011–12 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2011–12 season was the 44th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
Shaka Smart was the third-year head coach of the VCU Rams.
The VCU Rams were coming off a season marked by a run to the Final Four.
The VCU Rams were expected to finish lower in the CAA regular season standings.
The VCU Rams finished as regular season runners-up with a 15–3 conference record.
The VCU Rams won the 2012 CAA Men's Basketball Championship against Drexel with a score of 59–56.
The victory in the 2012 CAA Men's Basketball Championship earned the VCU Rams their 11th ever berth into the NCAA Tournament.
The 2011–12 season was the first season since 1984–85 that the VCU Rams consecutively qualified for the NCAA Tournament.
The 2010–11 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University in the Colonial Athletic Association conference during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The VCU Rams were led by second year head coach Shaka Smart.
The VCU Rams played their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The VCU Rams finished the season with a record of 28–12.
The VCU Rams had a record of 12–6 in CAA play.
The VCU Rams lost in the championship game of the 2011 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament to Old Dominion.
The VCU Rams received an at-large bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
The VCU Rams played in the new 'First Four' round of the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
The VCU Rams defeated Southern California in the 'First Four' round.
The VCU Rams defeated Georgetown in the second round of the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
The VCU Rams defeated Purdue in the third round of the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
The VCU Rams advanced to the 'Sweet Sixteen' after defeating Georgetown and Purdue.
The VCU Rams defeated Florida State to advance to the 'Elite Eight'.
The VCU Rams defeated Kansas in the 'Elite Eight'.
The VCU Rams advanced to the school's first ever 'Final Four'.
The VCU Rams were the third 11 seed in Tournament history to advance to the 'Final Four'.
The VCU Rams were defeated by Butler in the 'Final Four'.
The VCU Rams finished 6th in the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll at the end of the season.
The 6th place ranking was the highest ranking in VCU's history.
The 6th place ranking was the highest ranking of any team from the CAA.
The 2011 NCAA tournament run by the VCU Rams is regarded as one of the best Cinderella runs of all time.
The VCU Rams are the only men's Division I basketball team whose NCAA tournament journey ran from The First Four to the Final Four.
The VCU Rams are the only team in the tournament to win five games and not qualify for the national championship game.
The 2015–16 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2015–16 season was the 48th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
The men's basketball program was led by Will Wade.
Will Wade was leading the men's basketball program for his first season.
Will Wade previously coached Chattanooga.
Will Wade replaced former head coach Shaka Smart.
Shaka Smart resigned from Virginia Commonwealth University for the vacancy at Texas.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2014–15 season was the 47th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
Shaka Smart was the sixth-year head coach of the 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team continued to play their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team was a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished the season with a record of 26–10.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team had a record of 12–6 in Atlantic 10 play.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished in a tie for fourth place in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team defeated Fordham, Richmond, Davidson, and Dayton.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team became champions of the Atlantic 10 Tournament.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team received an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament.
The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team lost in the second round of the NCAA Tournament to Ohio State.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2004–05 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The 2004–05 season was the 37th season of Virginia Commonwealth University fielding a men's basketball program.
Jeff Capel III was the third-year head coach of the 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team continued to play their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team was a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished the season with a record of 19–13.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished with a record of 13–5 in CAA play.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team finished in a tie for second place in CAA play.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team defeated Delaware in the CAA Tournament.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team defeated UNC Wilmington in the CAA Tournament.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team lost to Old Dominion in the final of the CAA Tournament.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team received an at-large bid to the NIT.
The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team lost in the opening round of the NIT to Davidson.
Dictyosperma is a monotypic genus of flowering plant.
Dictyosperma belongs to the palm family.
Dictyosperma is found in the Mascarene Islands in the Indian Ocean.
The Mascarene Islands include Mauritius, Réunion, and Rodrigues.
The sole species of Dictyosperma is Dictyosperma album.
Dictyosperma album is widely cultivated in the tropics.
Dictyosperma album has been farmed to near extinction in its native habitat.
Dictyosperma album is commonly called princess palm.
Dictyosperma album is also commonly called hurricane palm.
The name hurricane palm is owing to Dictyosperma album's ability to withstand strong winds.
Dictyosperma album can easily shed leaves.
Dictyosperma album is closely related to palms in the Archontophoenix genus.
Dictyosperma album resembles palms in the Archontophoenix genus.
The genus Dictyosperma is named from two Greek words meaning 'net' and 'seed'.
The epithet album is Latin for 'white'.
The common color of the crownshaft at the top of the trunk of Dictyosperma album is white.
The genus Huernia consists of stem succulents from Eastern and Southern Africa.
The genus Huernia is part of the family Apocynaceae.
The genus Huernia is part of the subfamily Asclepiadoideae.
The genus Huernia was first described as a genus in 1810.
The flowers of the genus Huernia are five-lobed.
The flowers of the genus Huernia are usually somewhat more funnel- or bell-shaped than in the closely related genus Stapelia.
The flowers of the genus Huernia are often striped vividly in contrasting colours or tones.
Some flowers of the genus Huernia are glossy.
Other flowers of the genus Huernia are matt and wrinkled depending on the species concerned.
The flowers of the genus Huernia attract flies to pollinate.
The flowers of the genus Huernia emit a scent similar to that of carrion to attract flies.
The genus Huernia is considered close to the genus Stapelia.
The genus Huernia is considered close to the genus Hoodia.
The name Huernia is in honour of Justin Heurnius.
Justin Heurnius was a Dutch missionary.
Justin Heurnius is reputed to have been the first collector of South African Cape plants.
The name of Justin Heurnius was actually mis-spelt by the collector.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. was an American-Canadian financier.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. was a former owner of the Denver Broncos American football team.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. was born in Portland, Oregon on July 5, 1942.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. was the grandson of shipbuilding industrialist Henry J. Kaiser.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. earned a BA degree from Stanford University.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. earned an MBA degree from Harvard University.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. served as a White House Fellow.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. served as a Special Assistant to President Lyndon B. Johnson.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. served as a Special Assistant to President Richard M. Nixon.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. served as a Special Assistant to U.S. Secretary of the Interior Walter J. Hickel.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. became a Canadian citizen in 1980.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. died on January 11, 2012.
Nutri Ventures is a Portuguese TV series.
Nutri Ventures is also known as Nutri Ventures – The Quest for the 7 Kingdoms.
Nutri Ventures is known in Portuguese as Nutri Ventures - Em Busca dos 7 Reinos.
Nutri Ventures is produced by the Nutri Ventures Corporation.
Nutri Ventures is distributed through Hulu Kids.
The Eagle Mountain Railroad was a private railroad in California.
The Eagle Mountain Railroad was owned by the Kaiser Steel Corporation.
The Eagle Mountain Railroad is owned today by Kaiser Steel's successor.
Kaiser Steel's successor is Kaiser Ventures, Inc.
Kaiser Ventures, Inc. is located in Ontario, California.
Neafie, Levy & Co. was a Philadelphia shipbuilding and engineering firm.
Neafie, Levy & Co. existed from the middle of the 19th century to the beginning of the 20th century.
Neafie, Levy & Co. is commonly known as Neafie & Levy.
Neafie & Levy was described as America's first specialist marine engineers.
Neafie & Levy was probably the first company in the United States to combine the building of iron ships with the manufacture of steam engines to power them.
Neafie & Levy was the largest supplier of screw propellers to other North American shipbuilding firms in its early years.
At its peak in the early 1870s, Neafie & Levy was Philadelphia's busiest shipbuilder.
At its peak in the early 1870s, Neafie & Levy was Philadelphia's most heavily capitalized shipbuilder.
The Kaiser Shipyards were seven major shipbuilding yards located on the United States west coast during World War II.
Kaiser ranked 20th among U.S. corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.
The shipyards were owned by the Kaiser Shipbuilding Company.
The Kaiser Shipbuilding Company was a creation of Henry J. Kaiser.
Henry J. Kaiser was an American industrialist.
Henry J. Kaiser was born in 1882 and died in 1967.
Henry J. Kaiser established the shipbuilding company around 1939.
Henry J. Kaiser established the shipbuilding company in order to help meet the construction goals set by the United States Maritime Commission for merchant shipping.
Kaiser Ventures is a corporation.
Kaiser Ventures was formerly known as Kaiser Steel.
Kaiser Ventures is headquartered in Ontario, California.
Kaiser Ventures was founded by Henry J. Kaiser.
Kaiser Ventures was founded to provide steel plate for the Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry.
The Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry expanded during World War II.
The Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry shrank after World War II.
The Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry expanded again during the Korean War.
California Shipbuilding Corporation was located on Terminal Island, California.
California Shipbuilding Corporation was one of the shipyards that built hundreds of Liberty ships and Victory ships during World War II.
California Shipbuilding Corporation was also a project of Henry J. Kaiser.
Kaiser Steel was noted for making the most of its costly steelmaking inputs.
Kaiser Steel captured much of the Pacific Coast steel market by the late 1950s.
The U.S. Steel plant in Utah captured much of the Pacific Coast steel market by the late 1950s.
Kaiser Steel's assets included steelmaking plants in Napa, California.
Kaiser Steel acquired the steelmaking plant in Napa, California from Basalt Rock Company in 1955.
Kaiser Steel's assets included a steelmaking plant in Fontana, California.
The steelmaking plant in Fontana, California is now operated by California Steel Industries.
Kaiser Steel's assets included a former open-pit iron ore mine at Eagle Mountain, California.
Steel manufactured by Kaiser Steel was also used in Kaiser Motors.
Henry John Kaiser was an American industrialist.
Henry John Kaiser was born on May 9, 1882.
Henry John Kaiser died on August 24, 1967.
Henry John Kaiser became known as the father of modern American shipbuilding.
Henry John Kaiser established the Kaiser Shipyards.
The Kaiser Shipyards built Liberty ships during World War II.
After World War II, Henry John Kaiser formed Kaiser Aluminum.
After World War II, Henry John Kaiser formed Kaiser Steel.
Henry John Kaiser organized Kaiser Permanente health care for his workers.
Kaiser Permanente health care was organized for the families of Henry John Kaiser's workers.
Henry John Kaiser led Kaiser-Frazer.
Kaiser-Frazer was an automobile company known for the safety of its designs.
Henry John Kaiser led Kaiser Motors.
Kaiser Motors was an automobile company known for the safety of its designs.
Henry John Kaiser was involved in large construction projects such as civic centers and dams.
Henry John Kaiser invested in real estate.
With his wealth, Henry John Kaiser established the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Kaiser Family Foundation is a nonprofit, non-partisan, charitable organization.
John Roach & Sons was a major 19th-century American shipbuilding and manufacturing firm.
John Roach & Sons was founded in 1864 by John Roach.
John Roach was an Irish-American immigrant.
Between 1871 and 1885, John Roach & Sons was the largest shipbuilding firm in the United States.
John Roach & Sons built more iron ships than its next two major competitors combined.
John Roach & Sons was the largest contractor to the U.S. Navy during the period between 1871 and 1885.
At its peak, John Roach & Sons is said to have been the nation's largest employer behind the railroads.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation was an American shipbuilding company.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation operated from 1899 to 1968.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation completed more than 500 vessels for the U.S. Navy.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation completed more than 500 vessels for the United States Merchant Marine.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation completed more than 500 vessels for the United States Coast Guard.
The New York Shipbuilding Corporation completed more than 500 vessels for other maritime concerns.
At its peak during World War II, the New York Shipbuilding Corporation was the largest shipyard in the world.
At its peak during World War II, the New York Shipbuilding Corporation was the most productive shipyard in the world.
The best-known vessels of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation include a destroyer.
The best-known vessels of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation include a cruiser.
The best-known vessels of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation include an aircraft carrier.
The best-known vessels of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation include the nuclear-powered cargo ship NS 'Savannah'.
The best-known vessels of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation include a quartet of cargo-passenger liners nicknamed the 'Four Aces'.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. was an American industrialist.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. was born on July 29, 1908.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. died on December 7, 1981.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. was the Chairman of Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical Corporation.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. was the Chairman of the Kaiser Cement Corporation.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. was the Chairman of the Kaiser Steel Corporation.
St. Andre Vidhan Sabha Constituency is one of the 40 Goa Legislative Assembly constituencies.
The state of Goa is located in southern India.
St. Andre Vidhan Sabha Constituency is one of the 20 constituencies falling under the North Goa Lok Sabha constituency.
Tunnels & Trolls is a fantasy role-playing game.
Tunnels & Trolls is abbreviated as 'T&T'.
Ken St. Andre designed Tunnels & Trolls.
Tunnels & Trolls was first published in 1975.
Flying Buffalo published Tunnels & Trolls.
Tunnels & Trolls is the second modern role-playing game published.
Ken St. Andre wrote Tunnels & Trolls.
Tunnels & Trolls was written to be a more accessible alternative to Dungeons & Dragons.
Tunnels & Trolls is suitable for solitaire gameplay.
Tunnels & Trolls is suitable for group gameplay.
Tunnels & Trolls is suitable for play-by-mail gameplay.
St. Andre's Parish is a former parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland.
St. Andre's Parish is located in Biddeford, Maine.
St. Andre's Parish was founded in 1860.
St. Andre's Parish was founded to serve the city's large French-Canadian and French-American communities.
On July 1, 2008, St. Andre's Parish was merged into the newly formed Good Shepherd Parish.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Saint Joseph's Church in Biddeford.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Saint Mary's Church in Biddeford.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Most Holy Trinity Church in Saco.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Notre Dame Church in Saco.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Saint Margaret's Church in Old Orchard Beach.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Saint Luke's Church in Old Orchard Beach.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of Saint Brendan's Church in Biddeford Pool.
Good Shepherd Parish is made up of St. Philip's Church in Lyman.
Of those 8 churches, only Saint Joseph's Church, Most Holy Trinity Church, Saint Margaret's Church, and St. Philip's Church remain open.
St. Brendan's Church has always served as a summer chapel.
The parish complex includes four buildings: the church, rectory, convent, and school.
The parish complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.
At the time of listing, most of the parish complex stood vacant.
Jon St. Andre was born on December 8, 1939.
Jon St. Andre was born in Ishpeming, Michigan.
Jon St. Andre is an American former ski jumper.
Jon St. Andre competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre was born on April 28, 1947 in Ogden, Utah.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre is an American fantasy author.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre is a game designer.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre is best known for his work with 'Tunnels & Trolls'.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre is best known for his work with 'Wasteland'.
Kenneth Eugene St. Andre has been an active member of 'The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America' since 1989.
Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes is a tabletop role-playing game.
Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes was designed and written by Michael A. Stackpole.
Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes was first published in April 1983.
Blade is a division of Flying Buffalo, Inc.
Blade published Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
A second edition of Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes was later published by Sleuth Publications.
Flying Buffalo continues to distribute Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
The mechanics of Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes are based on those of Tunnels and Trolls.
Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes includes an addition of a skill system for characters.
A few adventure modules were also released for Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
The ruleset of the 1987 video game Wasteland is based on Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
Michael A. Stackpole worked on the 1987 video game Wasteland.
The upcoming 2013 sequel Wasteland 2 will use similar mechanics to Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
Wasteland 2 can be seen as based on Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes.
Starfaring is a science fiction role-playing game.
Starfaring was created by Ken St. Andre.
Starfaring was published by Flying Buffalo.
Starfaring was published in August 1976.
Crank Caverns is the common name of the remains of the Rainford Delph Quarry near Crank in St. Helens, Merseyside.
Crank Caverns is a network of underground tunnels and caverns.
Crank Caverns includes an extensive woodland.
Information in the St. Helens local history archives states that sandstone quarrying began in Crank Caverns as early as 1730.
As the Rainford Delph Quarry expanded, the cost of purchasing land to open cast mine it increased.
It was decided to opt for a different method of mining.
Instead of quarrying out the stone, miners would mine it out, following a seam of stone until it ran out.
This method resulted in the network of caves, tunnels, and shafts seen today.
Rainford Delph was listed as a Colliery by 1854.
Charles Howarth was the owner of Rainford Delph by 1880.
Charles Howarth was known locally as Yorkshire Charlie.
Mining finally ceased in Rainford Delph.
The woods and caverns of Rainford Delph were used as a game reserve by the Earl of Derby until 1939.
In 1939, the woods and caverns became a storage facility for ammunition for the anti-aircraft position at Crank.
After World War II, the caverns ceased use as a game reserve.
Today, Crank Caverns are not officially open to the public.
Due to increasing instability, attempts have been made to close access to the caverns and tunnels.
Despite the closure attempts, Crank Caverns are still physically accessible from a nearby public footpath.
Crank Caverns are still a draw for generations of curious locals who wish to explore.
Many curious locals have heard numerous local myths and legends from an early age.
Arena of Khazan is a role-playing game adventure.
Arena of Khazan was published in 1979.
Arena of Khazan is designed for the game 'Tunnels & Trolls'.
Flying Buffalo is the publisher of Arena of Khazan.
Crusaders of Khazan is a computer adaptation of the tabletop role-playing game 'Tunnels and Trolls'.
'Tunnels and Trolls' was developed and published by New World Computing in 1990.
Crusaders of Khazan was developed and published for the PC.
Crusaders of Khazan was developed and published for FM Towns.
Crusaders of Khazan was developed and published for PC-88.
Crusaders of Khazan was developed and published for PC-98.
The game is available from Flying Buffalo.
The game is available in Fiery Dragon's 'Tunnels and Trolls 30th Anniversary Edition'.
"All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You" is a song.
"All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You" is performed by the rock band Heart.
Robert John "Mutt" Lange is a veteran songwriter and producer.
Robert John "Mutt" Lange composed the song "All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You".
"All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You" was released as the lead single from the band's tenth studio album.
"Brigade" is the name of the band's tenth studio album.
"All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You" was the band's first hit single of the 1990s.
The song was first recorded as "All I Want to Do Is Make Love to You" by Dobie Gray in 1979.
The version recorded by Dobie Gray in 1979 had different lyrics.
Be the One is a power ballad.
Be the One is performed by the American rock band Poison.
The song was released as the second single from the album Crack a Smile...and More!.
The album Crack a Smile...and More! was released in 2000.
The single/sampler was released in February 2000.
The single/sampler featured five b-sides.
The first b-side included in the single/sampler is the first single from the album Shut Up, Make Love.
The four unplugged bonus tracks from the album are Every Rose Has Its Thorn, Talk Dirty to Me, Your Mama Don't Dance, and Something to Believe In.
Make Love is a song performed by Keri Hilson.
Keri Hilson is an American recording artist and songwriter.
Make Love was written by Jamal 'Polow da Don' Jones.
Make Love was written by Ester Dean.
Make Love was written by Jason Perry.
Make Love was produced by Polow da Don.
Make Love was produced by Jason Perry.
Make Love is part of Keri Hilson's debut studio album, In a Perfect World... .
In a Perfect World... was released in 2009.
The song was sent for urban adult contemporary airplay on June 23, 2009.
Make Love is the fifth single from the album In a Perfect World... .
Musically, Make Love is a downtempo R&B ballad.
Make Love received mixed reviews from music critics.
Some music critics criticized the long length of Make Love.
Some music critics criticized Keri Hilson's vocals in Make Love.
Other music critics named Make Love one of the album's standouts.
Make Love Not War is the 2004 debut album by Cosmic Nomads.
Cosmic Nomads is an Australian alternative rock band.
Make Love Not War was recorded in Sydney, New South Wales.
Make Love Not War was recorded at Damien Gerard Studios.
Cosmic Nomads worked with Russell Pilling.
Russell Pilling is a renowned engineer.
Russell Pilling has 25 years of experience.
Russell Pilling has recorded The Vines.
Russell Pilling has recorded The Church.
Russell Pilling has recorded The Cruel Sea.
Russell Pilling has recorded Jon Stevens.
A single of the same name was released prior to the album release.
A music video of the same name was released prior to the album release.
The single and music video were distributed by MGM Sydney.
Russell Pilling said 'Make Love Not War' is a grower.
Russell Pilling said once you listen to 'Make Love Not War' a few times, you begin to appreciate what it means.
Greatest Hits is a compilation album.
Greatest Hits is by American recording artist Dan Fogelberg.
Greatest Hits included two previously unreleased tracks.
The two previously unreleased tracks are 'Missing You' and 'Make Love Stay'.
'Missing You' was released as a single.
'Make Love Stay' was released as a single.
'Missing You' peaked at chart position #23 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
'Make Love Stay' peaked at chart position #29 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Both of the new songs made the Top 10 on the adult contemporary chart.
'Missing You' rose to #6 on the adult contemporary chart.
'Make Love Stay' became Dan Fogelberg's third #1 on the adult contemporary chart.
Poison is an American rock band.
Poison achieved great commercial success in the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s.
Poison has sold over 40 million records worldwide.
Poison has sold 15 million records in the United States alone.
The band has charted ten singles to the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100.
The band has charted six Top 10 singles on the Billboard Hot 100.
The band has a Hot 100 number-one single titled 'Every Rose Has Its Thorn'.
The band's breakthrough debut album is titled 'Look What the Cat Dragged In'.
'Look What the Cat Dragged In' was released in 1986.
The band's second album is titled 'Open Up and Say... Ahh!'.
'Open Up and Say... Ahh!' became the band's most successful album.
'Open Up and Say... Ahh!' was certified 5x platinum in the United States.
The popularity of Poison continued into the new decade.
The band's third consecutive multi-platinum selling album is titled 'Flesh & Blood'.
Chuck Berry on Stage is an album.
Chuck Berry on Stage was released in 1963.
Chuck Berry on Stage was released by Chess Records.
Chuck Berry on Stage is promoted as a live album.
Chuck Berry on Stage is a collection of previously released studio recordings.
Five songs on Chuck Berry on Stage are not previously released studio recordings.
The five songs on Chuck Berry on Stage are 'All Aboard', 'Trick or Treat', 'I Just Want To Make Love To You', 'Still Got The Blues', and a previously unreleased alternate take of 'Brown-Eyed Handsome Man'.
Chuck Berry on Stage has overdubbed audience sounds.
The overdubbed audience sounds simulate a live recording.
One track on Chuck Berry on Stage is labelled 'Surfin' USA'.
'Surfin' USA' is 'Sweet Little Sixteen'.
'Sweet Little Sixteen' was originally released in 1958.
The melody of 'Sweet Little Sixteen' was used in The Beach Boys' 1963 hit 'Surfin' USA'.
Chuck Berry's cover of Willie Dixon's 'I Just Want To Make Love To You' was later re-recorded.
The re-recorded version of 'I Just Want To Make Love To You' was released on the very rare Chess LP CH60032.
The very rare Chess LP CH60032 is titled 'Chuck Berry'.
The very rare Chess LP CH60032 was released in 1975.
The Longer We Make Love is a song recorded by American singer Barry White.
Barry White recorded The Longer We Make Love for his 1999 album, Staying Power.
The Longer We Make Love was written by Barry White, Aaron Schroeder, and Marlon Saunders.
The Longer We Make Love was produced by Barry White and Jack Perry.
The Longer We Make Love was recorded in two versions.
One version of The Longer We Make Love is a duet with Lisa Stansfield.
Another version of The Longer We Make Love is a duet with Chaka Khan.
Both versions of The Longer We Make Love are in the key of G minor.
Both versions of The Longer We Make Love received positive reviews from music critics.
The CD single of The Longer We Make Love was released in selected European countries on July 19, 1999.
The Longer We Make Love was issued as a promotional single in the United States.
The Longer We Make Love failed to make any impact on the charts.
Mind If We Make Love to You is an album by the American power pop group Wondermints.
Mind If We Make Love to You was released in 2002.
Mind If We Make Love to You was released on the record label Smile Records.
The unusual album title has an intentional lack of punctuation.
The unusual album title is a take-off of the album Mind If I Make Love to You.
Mind If I Make Love to You is an album of 1950s cocktail instrumentals.
Mind If I Make Love to You is part of Darian Sahanaja's record collection.
"Shut Up, Make Love" is a song by the American rock band Poison.
"Shut Up, Make Love" was released in 2000.
"Shut Up, Make Love" was the first single presented to radio stations from the 2000 album "Crack a Smile...and More!".
"Shut Up, Make Love" also appears on the second promo single "Be the One" as a B-side.
"Crack a Smile" is Poison's fifth studio album.
"Crack a Smile" was released on March 14, 2000.
"Crack a Smile" charted at #131 on The Billboard 200.
"Shut Up, Make Love" was the first Poison single with lead guitarist Blues Saraceno.
