Ed Wood is a 1994 American biographical period comedy-drama film.
Tim Burton directed and produced Ed Wood.
Johnny Depp stars as cult filmmaker Ed Wood in Ed Wood.
The film concerns the period in Ed Wood's life when Ed Wood made his best-known films.
The film also concerns Ed Wood's relationship with actor Bela Lugosi.
Martin Landau plays the role of Bela Lugosi in Ed Wood.
Sarah Jessica Parker is among the supporting cast of Ed Wood.
Patricia Arquette is among the supporting cast of Ed Wood.
Jeffrey Jones is among the supporting cast of Ed Wood.
Lisa Marie is among the supporting cast of Ed Wood.
Bill Murray is among the supporting cast of Ed Wood.
Scott Derrickson was born on July 16, 1966.
Scott Derrickson is an American director.
Scott Derrickson is a screenwriter.
Scott Derrickson is a producer.
Scott Derrickson lives in Los Angeles, California.
Scott Derrickson is best known for directing horror films.
Scott Derrickson directed the horror film 'Sinister'.
Scott Derrickson directed the horror film 'The Exorcism of Emily Rose'.
Scott Derrickson directed the horror film 'Deliver Us From Evil'.
Scott Derrickson directed the 2016 Marvel Cinematic Universe installment 'Doctor Strange'.
Woodson is a census-designated place in Pulaski County, Arkansas.
Pulaski County is located in the United States.
The population of Woodson was 403 at the 2010 census.
Woodson is part of the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Woodson is accompanied by Woodson Lake and Wood Hollow.
Woodson, Woodson Lake, and Wood Hollow are the namesake for Ed Wood Sr.
Ed Wood Sr. was a prominent plantation owner, trader, and businessman at the turn of the 20th century.
Woodson is adjacent to the Wood Plantation.
The Wood Plantation is the largest of the plantations owned by Ed Wood Sr.
Tyler Bates was born on June 5, 1965.
Tyler Bates is an American musician.
Tyler Bates is a music producer.
Tyler Bates is a composer for films.
Tyler Bates is a composer for television.
Tyler Bates is a composer for video games.
Much of Tyler Bates's work is in the action film genre.
Much of Tyler Bates's work is in the horror film genre.
Tyler Bates worked on the film 'Dawn of the Dead.'
Tyler Bates worked on the film '300.'
Tyler Bates worked on the film 'Sucker Punch.'
Tyler Bates worked on the film 'John Wick.'
Tyler Bates has collaborated with Zack Snyder.
Tyler Bates has collaborated with Rob Zombie.
Tyler Bates has collaborated with Neil Marshall.
Tyler Bates has collaborated with William Friedkin.
Tyler Bates has collaborated with Scott Derrickson.
Tyler Bates has collaborated with James Gunn.
Tyler Bates has scored every one of James Gunn's films.
Tyler Bates scored the film 'Guardians of the Galaxy.'
'Guardians of the Galaxy' became one of the highest grossing domestic movies of 2014.
Tyler Bates scored the 2017 sequel to 'Guardians of the Galaxy.'
Tyler Bates is the lead guitarist of the American rock band Marilyn Manson.
Tyler Bates produced the album 'The Pale Emperor.'
Tyler Bates produced the album 'Heaven Upside Down.'
Edward Davis Wood Jr. was an American filmmaker.
Edward Davis Wood Jr. was an American actor.
Edward Davis Wood Jr. was an American writer.
Edward Davis Wood Jr. was an American producer.
Edward Davis Wood Jr. was an American director.
Edward Davis Wood Jr. was born on October 10, 1924.
Edward Davis Wood Jr. died on December 10, 1978.
Deliver Us from Evil is a 2014 American supernatural horror film.
Scott Derrickson directed Deliver Us from Evil.
Jerry Bruckheimer produced Deliver Us from Evil.
Deliver Us from Evil is officially based on a 2001 non-fiction book entitled 'Beware the Night'.
The authors of 'Beware the Night' are Ralph Sarchie and Lisa Collier Cool.
The marketing campaign for Deliver Us from Evil highlighted that it was inspired by actual accounts.
Deliver Us from Evil stars Eric Bana in a main role.
Deliver Us from Evil stars Édgar Ramírez in a main role.
Deliver Us from Evil stars Sean Harris in a main role.
Deliver Us from Evil stars Olivia Munn in a main role.
Deliver Us from Evil stars Joel McHale in a main role.
Deliver Us from Evil was released on July 2, 2014.
Adam Collis is an American filmmaker.
Adam Collis is an actor.
Adam Collis attended Duke University from 1986 to 1990.
Adam Collis attended the University of California, Los Angeles from 2007 to 2010.
Adam Collis studied cinema at the University of Southern California from 1991 to 1997.
Adam Collis's first work was as the assistant director for Scott Derrickson's short 'Love in the Ruins' in 1995.
In 1998, Adam Collis played 'Crankshaft' in Eric Koyanagi's film 'Hundred Percent'.
Sinister is a 2012 supernatural horror film.
Scott Derrickson directed the film Sinister.
Scott Derrickson co-wrote the film Sinister with C. Robert Cargill.
Ethan Hawke stars in the film Sinister.
Ethan Hawke plays the role of fictional true-crime writer Ellison Oswalt in the film Sinister.
Ellison Oswalt discovers a box of home movies in his attic.
The box of home movies puts Ellison Oswalt's family in danger.
Conrad Brooks was born Conrad Biedrzycki on January 3, 1931 in Baltimore, Maryland.
Conrad Brooks is an American actor.
Conrad Brooks moved to Hollywood, California in 1948 to pursue a career in acting.
Conrad Brooks got his start in movies by appearing in Ed Wood films.
Conrad Brooks appeared in the Ed Wood film 'Plan 9 from Outer Space.'
Conrad Brooks appeared in the Ed Wood film 'Glen or Glenda.'
Conrad Brooks appeared in the Ed Wood film 'Jail Bait.'
Conrad Brooks took a break from acting during the 1960s and 1970s.
Due to the ongoing interest in the films of Ed Wood, Conrad Brooks reemerged in the 1980s.
Conrad Brooks has become a prolific actor.
Conrad Brooks has gone on to write several films.
Conrad Brooks has gone on to produce several films.
Conrad Brooks has gone on to direct several films.
Doctor Strange is a 2016 American superhero film.
Doctor Strange is based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name.
Doctor Strange was produced by Marvel Studios.
Doctor Strange was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Doctor Strange is the fourteenth film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
The film Doctor Strange was directed by Scott Derrickson.
Scott Derrickson wrote the film Doctor Strange with Jon Spaihts and C. Robert Cargill.
Benedict Cumberbatch stars as Stephen Strange in the film Doctor Strange.
Chiwetel Ejiofor stars in the film Doctor Strange.
Rachel McAdams stars in the film Doctor Strange.
Benedict Wong stars in the film Doctor Strange.
Michael Stuhlbarg stars in the film Doctor Strange.
Benjamin Bratt stars in the film Doctor Strange.
Scott Adkins stars in the film Doctor Strange.
Mads Mikkelsen stars in the film Doctor Strange.
Tilda Swinton stars in the film Doctor Strange.
In the film Doctor Strange, surgeon Stephen Strange learns the mystic arts after a career-ending car accident.
Corliss Archer is a program from radio's Golden Age.
Corliss Archer ran from January 7, 1943 to September 30, 1956.
Corliss Archer was CBS's answer to NBC's popular program 'A Date with Judy'.
Corliss Archer was also broadcast by NBC in 1948.
NBC broadcast Corliss Archer as a summer replacement for 'The Bob Hope Show'.
Corliss Archer aired on ABC from October 3, 1952 to June 26, 1953.
Corliss Archer finally returned to CBS after airing on ABC.
Fewer than 24 episodes of Corliss Archer are known to exist despite the program's long run.
Shirley Temple Black was an American actress.
Shirley Temple Black was a singer.
Shirley Temple Black was a dancer.
Shirley Temple Black was a businesswoman.
Shirley Temple Black was a diplomat.
Shirley Temple Black was Hollywood's number one box-office draw as a child actress from 1935 to 1938.
Shirley Temple Black was named United States ambassador to Ghana.
Shirley Temple Black was named United States ambassador to Czechoslovakia.
Shirley Temple Black served as Chief of Protocol of the United States.
Shirley Temple Black was born on April 23, 1928.
Shirley Temple Black passed away on February 10, 2014.
Janet Marie Waldo was an American radio and voice actress.
Janet Marie Waldo was born on February 4, 1920.
Janet Marie Waldo passed away on June 12, 2016.
Janet Marie Waldo is best known in animation for voicing Judy Jetson.
Janet Marie Waldo is best known in animation for voicing Nancy in 'Shazzan'.
Janet Marie Waldo is best known in animation for voicing Penelope Pitstop.
Janet Marie Waldo is best known in animation for voicing Josie in 'Josie and the Pussycats'.
Janet Marie Waldo is best known on radio as the title character in 'Meet Corliss Archer'.
Meet Corliss Archer is an American television sitcom.
Meet Corliss Archer aired on CBS from July 13, 1951 to August 10, 1951.
Meet Corliss Archer was in syndication via the Ziv Company from April to December 1954.
The program was an adaptation of the radio series of the same name.
The radio series of the same name was based on a series of short stories by F. Hugh Herbert.
F. Hugh Herbert was the author of the series of short stories.
The post of Lord High Treasurer was an English government position.
The post of Lord High Treasurer has been a British government position since the Acts of Union of 1707.
A holder of the post of Lord High Treasurer would be the third-highest-ranked Great Officer of State.
The Lord High Treasurer is ranked below the Lord High Steward.
The Lord High Treasurer is ranked below the Lord High Chancellor.
A Kiss for Corliss is a 1949 American comedy film.
Richard Wallace directed A Kiss for Corliss.
Howard Dimsdale wrote A Kiss for Corliss.
Shirley Temple stars in A Kiss for Corliss.
A Kiss for Corliss is Shirley Temple's final starring role.
A Kiss for Corliss is Shirley Temple's final film appearance.
A Kiss for Corliss is a sequel to the 1945 film Kiss and Tell.
A Kiss for Corliss was retitled Almost a Bride before release.
The title Almost a Bride appears in the title sequence of A Kiss for Corliss.
A Kiss for Corliss was released on November 25, 1949.
United Artists released A Kiss for Corliss.
Kiss and Tell is a 1945 American comedy film.
Shirley Temple starred in Kiss and Tell.
Shirley Temple was 17 years old when she starred in Kiss and Tell.
Shirley Temple played the character Corliss Archer in Kiss and Tell.
In the film, two teenage girls cause their respective parents much concern.
The two teenage girls start to become interested in boys.
The parents bicker about which girl is the worse influence.
The parents' bickering causes more problems than it solves.
The office of Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs was a British Government position.
The office of Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs was created in 2003.
Certain functions of the Lord Chancellor were related to the Lord Chancellor's Department.
Certain functions of the Lord Chancellor were transferred to the Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs.
At a later date, further functions were transferred to the Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs.
The further functions were transferred from the First Secretary of State.
The First Secretary of State is a position within the government.
The position of First Secretary of State was held by the Deputy Prime Minister.
The Village Accountant is an administrative government position.
The Village Accountant is found in rural parts of the Indian sub-continent.
The Village Accountant is variously known as 'Patwari', 'Talati', 'Patel', 'Karnam', 'Adhikari', 'Shanbogaru', 'Patnaik', etc.
The office and the officeholder are called the 'patwari' in Telangana.
The office and the officeholder are called the 'patwari' in Bengal.
The office and the officeholder are called the 'patwari' in North India.
The office and the officeholder are called the 'patwari' in Pakistan.
In Sindh, the position is called 'tapedar'.
The position is known as the 'karnam' in Andhra Pradesh.
The position is known as the 'patnaik' in Orissa.
The position is known as the 'adhikari' in Tamil Nadu.
The position is commonly known as the 'talati' in Karnataka.
The position is commonly known as the 'talati' in Gujarat.
The position is commonly known as the 'talati' in Maharashtra.
The position was known as the 'kulkarni' in Northern Karnataka.
The position was known as the 'kulkarni' in Maharashtra.
The position was known as the 'shanbogaru' in South Karnataka.
Charles Craft was an English-born American film and television editor.
Charles Craft was born in the county of Hampshire in England on May 9, 1902.
Charles Craft entered the film industry in Hollywood in 1927.
The first film edited by Charles Craft was the Universal Pictures silent film, 'Painting the Town'.
Over the next 25 years, Charles Craft edited 90 feature-length films.
In the early 1950s, Charles Craft switched his focus to the small screen.
The first show edited by Charles Craft was 'Racket Squad', from 1951 to 1953.
Charles Craft was the main editor for 'Racket Squad', editing 93 of the 98 episodes.
Charles Craft worked on several other series during the 1950s.
One of the series Charles Craft worked on during the 1950s was 'Meet Corliss Archer' in 1954.
Another series Charles Craft worked on during the 1950s was 'Science Fiction Theatre' from 1955 to 1956.
Charles Craft also worked on 'Highway Patrol' from 1955 to 1957.
In the late 1950s and early 1960s, Charles Craft was one of the main editors on 'Sea Hunt'.
The series 'Sea Hunt' starred Lloyd Bridges.
Charles Craft edited over half of the episodes of 'Sea Hunt'.
Charles Craft's final film work was editing 'Flipper's New Adventure' in 1964.
'Flipper's New Adventure' was the sequel to 1963's 'Flipper'.
When 'Flipper' was made into a television series, Charles Craft began the editing duties on that show.
Charles Craft edited the first 28 episodes of the 'Flipper' television series.
Charles Craft retired in 1966.
Charles Craft died on September 19, 1968, in Los Angeles, California.
The Andre Norton Award for Young Adult Science Fiction and Fantasy is an annual award.
The Andre Norton Award is presented by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America.
The Andre Norton Award is presented to the author of the best young adult or middle grade science fiction or fantasy book.
The best young adult or middle grade science fiction or fantasy book must be published in the United States in the preceding year.
The Andre Norton Award is named to honor Andre Norton.
Andre Norton was a prolific science fiction and fantasy author.
Andre Norton was born in 1912 and died in 2005.
The Andre Norton Award was established by Catherine Asaro.
Catherine Asaro was the then president of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America.
The Andre Norton Award was established by the SFWA Young Adult Fiction committee.
The establishment of the Andre Norton Award was announced on February 20, 2005.
Any published young adult or middle grade science fiction or fantasy novel is eligible for the Andre Norton Award.
Graphic novels are included in the eligibility for the Andre Norton Award.
There is no limit on word count for the works eligible for the Andre Norton Award.
The Andre Norton Award is presented along with the Nebula Awards.
The Andre Norton Award follows the same rules for nominations and voting as the Nebula Awards.
The Andre Norton Award and the Nebula Awards are separate awards.
Works may be simultaneously nominated for both the Andre Norton Award and a Nebula Award.
Victoria Hanley is an American young adult fantasy novelist.
Victoria Hanley's first three books are 'The Seer And The Sword', 'The Healer's Keep', and 'The Light Of The Oracle'.
'The Seer And The Sword', 'The Healer's Keep', and 'The Light Of The Oracle' are companion books to one another.
Victoria Hanley's newest book was released in March 2012.
Victoria Hanley's newest book is the sequel of a series called 'Indigo Magic'.
'Indigo Magic' was published by Egmont USA.
Victoria Hanley has published two non-fiction books through Cotton Wood Press.
The titles of Victoria Hanley's two non-fiction books are 'Seize the Story: A Handbook For Teens Who Like To Write' and 'Wild Ink: A Grownups Guide To Writing Fiction For Teens'.
The Hork-Bajir Chronicles is the second companion book to the Animorphs series.
K. A. Applegate wrote The Hork-Bajir Chronicles.
The Hork-Bajir Chronicles takes place before book #23, titled The Pretender.
The events told in The Hork-Bajir Chronicles occur between the time of The Ellimist Chronicles and The Andalite Chronicles.
The book is introduced by Tobias.
Tobias flies to the valley of the free Hork-Bajir.
Jara Hamee tells Tobias the story of how the Yeerks enslaved the Hork-Bajir.
Aldrea is an Andalite.
Dak Hamee is a Hork-Bajir.
Aldrea and Dak Hamee tried to save their world from the invasion.
Jara Hamee's story is narrated from the points of view of Aldrea, Dak Hamee, and Esplin 9466.
The narration alternates in a similar fashion to the Megamorphs books.
Shadowshaper is a 2015 American urban fantasy young adult novel.
Shadowshaper was written by Daniel José Older.
Shadowshaper follows Sierra Santiago.
Sierra Santiago is an Afro-Boricua teenager.
Sierra Santiago lives in Brooklyn.
Sierra Santiago is the granddaughter of a shadowshaper.
A shadowshaper is a person who infuses art with ancestral spirits.
Forces of gentrification invade Sierra Santiago's community.
A mysterious being appropriates the magic of the shadowshapers.
The mysterious being begins to hunt the aging shadowshapers.
Sierra Santiago must learn about her artistic and spiritual heritage.
Sierra Santiago must learn about her artistic and spiritual heritage to foil the killer.
Left Behind: The Kids is a series.
Left Behind: The Kids is stylized as LEFT BEHIND >THE KIDS<.
The series was written by Jerry B. Jenkins.
The series was written by Tim LaHaye.
The series was written by Chris Fabry.
The series consists of 40 short novels.
The series is aimed primarily at the young adult market.
The series is based on the adult series Left Behind.
The adult series Left Behind was also written by Jerry B. Jenkins.
The series follows a core group of teenagers.
The teenagers experience the rapture and tribulation.
The rapture and tribulation are based on scriptures found in the Bible.
The rapture and tribulation are based on background plots introduced in the adult novels.
The books were published by Tyndale House Publishing.
The books were released over the 7 year period of 1997-2004.
The series has sold over 11 million copies worldwide.
Dozens of Square Enix companion books have been produced since 1998.
Square Enix is a video game developer.
Square began to produce books that focused on artwork, developer interviews, and background information on the fictional worlds and characters in its games in 1998.
Square's books did not focus on gameplay details.
The first series of these books was the 'Perfect Works' series.
The 'Perfect Works' series was written and published by Square subsidiary DigiCube.
DigiCube produced three books between 1998 and 1999.
The 'Perfect Works' series was stopped in favor of the 'Ultimania' series.
The 'Ultimania' series is a portmanteau of ultimate and mania.
The 'Ultimania' series of books is written by Studio BentStuff.
Studio BentStuff had previously written game guides for Square for 'Final Fantasy VII'.
The 'Ultimania' series of books was published by DigiCube.
DigiCube was dissolved in 2003.
Square merged with video game publisher Enix on April 1, 2003.
The merger formed Square Enix.
Square Enix resumed publication of the companion books.
The Divide trilogy is a fantasy young adult novel trilogy.
The Divide trilogy was written by Elizabeth Kay.
The Divide trilogy takes place in an alternate universe.
The three books in The Divide trilogy are 'The Divide' (2002), 'Back to The Divide' (2005), and 'Jinx on The Divide' (2006).
The first novel of The Divide trilogy was originally published by Chicken House.
Chicken House is a small press publisher.
Chicken House is now a division of Scholastic.
Subsequent volumes of The Divide trilogy were published by Scholastic.
Scholastic also reprinted the first novel of The Divide trilogy.
The books of The Divide trilogy have been translated into French.
The books of The Divide trilogy have been translated into German.
The books of The Divide trilogy have been translated into Spanish.
The books of The Divide trilogy have been translated into Finnish.
The books of The Divide trilogy have been translated into Chinese.
The books of The Divide trilogy have been translated into Japanese.
The books of The Divide trilogy have been translated into Portuguese.
The books of The Divide trilogy have been translated into Italian.
The books of The Divide trilogy have been translated into Romanian.
The books of The Divide trilogy have been translated into Dutch.
Interior illustrations for The Divide trilogy are by Ted Dewan.
Science Fantasy was a British fantasy and science fiction magazine.
Science Fantasy also appeared under the titles Impulse and SF Impulse.
Science Fantasy was launched in 1950 by Nova Publications.
Science Fantasy was launched as a companion to Nova's 'New Worlds'.
Walter Gillings was the editor for the first two issues of Science Fantasy.
Walter Gillings was replaced by John Carnell as the editor of Science Fantasy.
John Carnell was the editor of 'New Worlds'.
John Carnell was appointed as a cost-saving measure.
John Carnell edited both Science Fantasy and 'New Worlds' until Nova went out of business in early 1964.
The titles Science Fantasy and Impulse were acquired by Roberts & Vinter.
Roberts & Vinter hired Kyril Bonfiglioli to edit Science Fantasy.
Kyril Bonfiglioli changed the title of Science Fantasy to Impulse in early 1966.
The new title Impulse led to confusion with the distributors.
Sales of Impulse fell, though the magazine remained profitable.
The title was changed again to SF Impulse for the last few issues.
Science Fantasy ceased publication the following year.
Science Fantasy ceased publication when Roberts & Vinter came under financial pressure.
Roberts & Vinter came under financial pressure after their printer went bankrupt.
Animorphs is a science fantasy series of young adult books.
Katherine Applegate is one of the authors of the Animorphs series.
Michael Grant is the husband of Katherine Applegate.
Katherine Applegate and Michael Grant write together under the name K. A. Applegate.
The Animorphs series was published by Scholastic.
The story of the Animorphs series is told in first person.
All six main characters take turns narrating the books through their own perspectives.
Horror is one of the core themes of the Animorphs series.
War is one of the core themes of the Animorphs series.
Dehumanization is one of the core themes of the Animorphs series.
Sanity is one of the core themes of the Animorphs series.
Morality is one of the core themes of the Animorphs series.
Innocence is one of the core themes of the Animorphs series.
Leadership is one of the core themes of the Animorphs series.
Freedom is one of the core themes of the Animorphs series.
Growing up is one of the core themes of the Animorphs series.
Etiquette & Espionage is a young adult steampunk novel.
Gail Carriger is the author of Etiquette & Espionage.
Etiquette & Espionage is Gail Carriger's first young adult novel.
Etiquette & Espionage is set in the same universe as the bestselling Parasol Protectorate adult series.
Esma Sultan was an Ottoman princess.
Esma Sultan was born on 21 March 1873.
Esma Sultan died on 7 May 1899.
Esma Sultan was the daughter of Sultan Abdülaziz.
Sultan Abdülaziz was the husband of Gevheri Kadın.
Gevheri Kadın was the mother of Esma Sultan.
Gevheri Kadın was the daughter of Salih Bey Svatnba.
Esma Sultan was the half-sister of Abdülmecid II.
Abdülmecid II was the last Caliph of the Muslim world.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is a mosque in Algiers, Algeria.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is located very close to Algiers Harbor.
The Arabic name for The Great Mosque of Algiers is الجامع الكبير‎.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is also known as 'Jemaa Kebir'.
'Jemaa Kebir' means Great Mosque.
An inscription on the minbar testifies to the fact that The Great Mosque of Algiers was built in 1097.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is known by several other names such as Grand Mosque d'Alger, Djamaa al-Kebir, El Kebir Mosque, and Jami Masjid.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is one of the few remaining examples of Almoravid architecture.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is the oldest mosque in Algiers.
The Great Mosque of Algiers is said to be the oldest mosque in Algeria after Sidi Okba Mosque.
The Great Mosque of Algiers was built under Sultan Ali ibn Yusuf.
The minaret of The Great Mosque of Algiers dates from 1332.
Some sources state that the minaret of The Great Mosque of Algiers dates from 1324.
The minaret of The Great Mosque of Algiers was built by the Ziyyanid Sultan of Tlemcen.
The gallery at the outside of The Great Mosque of Algiers was built in 1840.
The construction of the gallery at the outside of The Great Mosque of Algiers was a consequence of a complete reconstruction of the street by the French.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha was born in 1757.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha died on 7 December 1803.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha is also known as Tayazade Damat Küçük Hüseyin Pasha.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha was an Ottoman statesman.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha was an admiral.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha was Kapudan Pasha from 11 March 1792 to 7 December 1803.
Kapudan Pasha is the title for the Grand Admiral of the Ottoman Navy.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha was a 'damat' to the Ottoman dynasty.
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha married an Ottoman princess.
The name of the Ottoman princess that Küçük Hüseyin Pasha married is Esma Sultan.
Esma Sultan was an Ottoman princess.
Esma Sultan was born on 17 July 1778.
Esma Sultan died on 4 June 1848.
Esma Sultan was the daughter of Sultan Abdul Hamid I.
Esma Sultan was the sister of Sultan Mustafa IV.
Esma Sultan was the sister of Sultan Mahmud II.
Esma Sultan was the adoptive mother of Bezmiâlem Sultan.
Esma Sultan was the adoptive mother of Rahime Perestu Sultan.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is a historic mosque.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is located in Istanbul, Turkey.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is a popular tourist site.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque continues to function as a mosque today.
Men still kneel in prayer on the mosque's lush red carpet after the call to prayer.
The Blue Mosque is a popular name for the Sultan Ahmed Mosque.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque was constructed between 1609 and 1616.
The construction of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque occurred during the rule of Ahmed I.
The Külliye of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque contains Ahmed's tomb.
The Külliye of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque contains a madrasah.
The Külliye of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque contains a hospice.
Hand-painted blue tiles adorn the interior walls of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque.
At night, the Sultan Ahmed Mosque is bathed in blue as lights frame the mosque's five main domes.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque has six minarets.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque has eight secondary domes.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque sits next to the Hagia Sophia.
The Hagia Sophia is another popular tourist site.
The Laleli Mosque is an 18th-century Ottoman imperial mosque.
The Laleli Mosque is located in Laleli, Fatih, Istanbul, Turkey.
Laleli Mosque is also known as Laleli Camii or Tulip Mosque.
The Esma Sultan Mansion is a historical yalı.
The Esma Sultan Mansion is located at Bosphorus in the Ortaköy neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey.
The Esma Sultan Mansion is named after its original owner Esma Sultan.
The Esma Sultan Mansion is used today as a cultural center.
The Esma Sultan Mansion was redeveloped.
Esma Sultan is the name of three daughters.
The three daughters are the daughters of three Ottoman Sultans.
Gevheri Kadın was born on 8 July 1856.
Gevheri Kadın died on 6 September 1884.
Gevheri Kadın was the fifth wife of Abdülaziz.
Abdülaziz was the 32nd Ottoman Sultan.
Gevheri Kadın was the mother of Şehzade Mehmed Seyfeddin.
Gevheri Kadın was the mother of Esma Sultan.
Şehzade Mehmed Seyfeddin was a member of the Ottoman Empire.
Esma Sultan was a member of the Ottoman Empire.
Esma Sultan was an Ottoman princess.
Esma Sultan was born on 14 March 1726.
Esma Sultan died on 13 August 1788.
Esma Sultan was the daughter of Sultan Ahmed III.
Sultan Ahmed III was the father of Esma Sultan.
Esma Sultan was the daughter of Zeynep Kadın.
Zeynep Kadın was the consort of Sultan Ahmed III.
Esma Sultan was the half-sister of Sultan Mustafa III.
Esma Sultan was the half-sister of Abdul Hamid I.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy is a film.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy was released in 2006.
April Hunter is a star of Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy.
Joanie Laurer is a star of Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy premiered in New Jersey on December 1, 2006.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy premiered in New York City on December 1, 2006.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy was released on DVD in the United States on April 17, 2007.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy was released on DVD in the United Kingdom on April 17, 2007.
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy won an 'Honorable Mention' award at the New Jersey International Festival awards after the film's DVD release.
The release of Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy is being handled by Victory Multimedia.
Kingston Morning is Dave Eggar's 4th solo release.
Kingston Morning was recorded in Brooklyn, New York.
Kingston Morning was recorded in Kingston, Jamaica.
Kingston Morning was recorded in Big Stone Gap, Virginia.
Kingston Morning was released by Domo Records.
The song 'Itsbynne Reel' was nominated at the 53rd Grammy Awards.
'Itsbynne Reel' was nominated for 'Best Instrumental Arrangement'.
Nola is a 2003 American romantic comedy film.
Alan Hruska wrote and directed Nola.
Nola depicts the struggle of a young woman trying to survive in New York City.
The young woman is looking for her birth father.
Nola premiered in New York City on July 23, 2004.
Adriana Trigiani is an Italian American best-selling author of sixteen books.
Adriana Trigiani is a television writer.
Adriana Trigiani is a film director.
Adriana Trigiani is an entrepreneur.
Adriana Trigiani is based in Greenwich Village, New York City.
Adriana Trigiani has published a novel a year since 2000.
Great Eastern Conventions, Inc. was an entertainment company.
Great Eastern Conventions, Inc. produced comic book conventions.
Great Eastern Conventions, Inc. was most active during the years 1987-1996.
The Great Eastern shows filled the gap in New York City.
The gap was between the mid-1980s demise of the annual Comic Art Convention and Creation Conventions.
The gap was also between the mid-1980s demise of the annual Comic Art Convention and the establishment of Michael Carbonaro's annual Big Apple Comic Con in 1996.
Michael Carbonaro was a promoter.
From 1993 to 1995, Great Eastern hosted two New York City shows annually.
The shows were hosted at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center.
Great Eastern also ran shows in New Jersey.
Great Eastern also ran shows in Pennsylvania.
Great Eastern also ran shows in Massachusetts.
Great Eastern also ran shows in Oregon.
Great Eastern also ran shows in Minnesota.
Great Eastern also ran shows in Texas.
The New York Society of Model Engineers was originally incorporated in 1926 in New York City.
There are published records that show the New York Society of Model Engineers existed as early as 1905.
In its early years, the New York Society of Model Engineers moved to and from various locations throughout Manhattan.
At that time, the New York Society of Model Engineers was basically a gentlemen's club of members who were interested in all types of model building.
In 1926, the New York Society of Model Engineers was formalized and incorporated under the laws of the State of New York.
The incorporation of the New York Society of Model Engineers was done so that the Society could obtain a permit to use a lake in New York City's Central Park for model motor boat races.
It was also at this time that the New York Society of Model Engineers began construction of its first Model Railroad called 'The Union Connecting'.
Over the next twenty years, the New York Society of Model Engineers moved from its original location to two other locations.
Each move doubled the size of the previous location and doubled the size of the model train layout.
During World War II, many members of the New York Society of Model Engineers were called to service in the Armed Forces.
Regrettably, the largest of the layouts of the New York Society of Model Engineers had to be dismantled.
The location of the layout in the basement of the Astor Building was requested for the war effort.
The dismantling of the layout was done with care.
Salvaged usable materials from the layout went into scrap drives for the war effort.
As members of the New York Society of Model Engineers returned after the war, a new location was searched for.
This search led to an invitation from the Lackawanna Railroad to move into their Passenger Terminal in Hoboken, New Jersey.
The Lackawanna Railroad had the space for what would become the largest model railroad in the world at that time.
The space was the ornate waiting room for the recently discontinued ferry boats to 23rd Street in New York City.
Here, the layout of the New York Society of Model Engineers was built.
The layout was based on the Lackawanna Railroad from Hoboken to Scranton, Pennsylvania.
The layout was magnificent, featuring a scale model of the Hoboken Terminal and the soaring Delaware Water Gap.
During the early 1950s, the New York Society of Model Engineers moved to its current location in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
Clinton is a city in Big Stone County.
Big Stone County is located in Minnesota.
Minnesota is a state in the United States.
The city of Clinton was named for DeWitt Clinton.
DeWitt Clinton was a New York Governor.
The population of Clinton was 449 at the 2010 census.
Hamish & Andy's Gap Year is a comedy series.
Hamish & Andy's Gap Year is a Logie Award winning comedy series.
Hamish Blake and Andy Lee are a pair of Australian comedians.
Hamish Blake and Andy Lee travel to various international locations.
The first season of Hamish & Andy's Gap Year saw Hamish Blake and Andy Lee visiting America.
The first season of Hamish & Andy's Gap Year consisted of ten episodes.
Hamish Blake and Andy Lee broadcast their show weekly from New York City during the first season.
The second season of Hamish & Andy's Gap Year was titled 'Hamish & Andy's Euro Gap Year' in 2012.
Seven episodes of 'Hamish & Andy's Euro Gap Year' were broadcast from The Lord Stanley.
The Lord Stanley is a disused pub in East London, England.
The third season of Hamish & Andy's Gap Year was known as 'Hamish and Andy's Gap Year Asia' in 2013.
The third season of Hamish & Andy's Gap Year was broadcast from a bar in Bangkok, Thailand.
The bar in Bangkok, Thailand is called 'The Raintree'.
I Love NY is an Indian romantic comedy film.
I Love NY is also known as I Love New Year.
Radhika Rao and Vinay Sapru directed I Love NY.
Sunny Deol and Kangana Ranaut star in lead roles in I Love NY.
Bhushan Kumar and Krishan Kumar produced I Love NY.
I Love NY was produced under the banner of Super Cassettes Industries Ltd.
I Love NY was extensively shot in Mumbai.
I Love NY was extensively shot in New York City.
I Love NY was extensively shot in Bangkok.
The main plot of I Love NY was taken from the Russian romantic comedy 'The Irony of Fate' (1976).
I Love NY released on 10 July 2015 after numerous delays.
Big Stone Gap is a 2014 American drama romantic comedy film.
Adriana Trigiani wrote and directed Big Stone Gap.
Donna Gigliotti produced Big Stone Gap.
Altar Identity Studios is a subsidiary of Media Society.
Big Stone Gap is based on Adriana Trigiani's 2000 best-selling novel of the same name.
The story of Big Stone Gap is set in the actual Virginia town of Big Stone Gap circa 1970s.
Big Stone Gap had its world premiere at the Virginia Film Festival on November 6, 2014.
Shinee is a South Korean boy group.
Shinee has received several awards and nominations for their music work.
Shinee was formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2008.
Shinee released their first full-length album, 'The Shinee World', on August 28, 2008.
'The Shinee World' won the Newcomer Album of the Year at the 23rd Golden Disk Awards.
The first single released from 'The Shinee World' was 'Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)'.
'Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)' won first place on 'M Countdown' on September 18, 2008.
'Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)' was the group's first win on Korean music shows since debut.
Shinee's second album was 'Lucifer', released in 2010.
'Lucifer' produced two singles: 'Lucifer' and 'Hello'.
Shinee was nominated for the Best Dance Performance Award at the Mnet Asian Music Awards in 2010 for their outstanding choreography.
'Lucifer' won the Disk Bonsang Award at the 25th Golden Disk Awards.
'Lucifer' also won the Popularity Award at the 25th Golden Disk Awards.
On March 21, 2012, Shinee released their fourth EP 'Sherlock'.
Shinee was awarded another Disk Bonsang Award at the 27th Golden Disc Awards for 'Sherlock'.
Shinee won the Bonsang Award at the 22nd Seoul Music Award for 'Sherlock'.
The lead single from 'Sherlock' was nominated for Song of the Year at the 2012 Mnet Asian Music Awards.
Cho Kyu-hyun was born on February 3, 1988.
Cho Kyu-hyun is better known mononymously as Kyuhyun.
Kyuhyun is a South Korean singer.
Kyuhyun is a musical theatre actor.
Kyuhyun is best known as a member of the South Korean boy group Super Junior.
Kyuhyun is a member of the sub-groups Super Junior-K.R.Y. and Super Junior-M.
Kyuhyun is a former member of the South Korean ballad group S.M. the Ballad.
Kyuhyun is one of the first four Korean artists to appear on Chinese postage stamps.
2014 S/S is the debut album of the South Korean group WINNER.
2014 S/S was released on August 12, 2014.
2014 S/S was released by the group's record label, YG Entertainment.
The members of WINNER were credited for writing the lyrics of the album.
The members of WINNER were credited for composing the majority of the album's songs.
History was a South Korean boy group.
History was formed by LOEN Entertainment in 2013.
History debuted on April 26, 2013 with the song 'Dreamer'.
The song 'Dreamer' featured the narration of IU.
IU was a labelmate of History.
History was LOEN Entertainment's first boy group.
History officially disbanded on May 12, 2017.
Winner is a South Korean boy group.
Winner was formed in 2013 by YG Entertainment.
Winner debuted in 2014.
Winner currently consists of four members.
The members of Winner are Jinwoo, Seunghoon, Mino, and Seungyoon.
Winner was originally a five-piece group.
Taehyun was a member of Winner.
Taehyun departed from Winner in November 2016.
Madtown is a South Korean boy group.
Madtown was formed in 2014 by J. Tune Camp.
The group consists of Moos, Daewon, Lee Geon, Jota, Heo Jun, Buffy, and H.O.
Madtown's debut album is titled 'Mad Town'.
Madtown's debut album was released on October 6, 2014.
Moos and Buffy are two of the members of Madtown.
Moos and Buffy originally debuted as the hip hop duo 'Pro C' in 2013.
Madtown's official fan-base name is Mad-people.
Starting December 22, 2016, MADTOWN's contract was sold to GNI Entertainment.
J. Tune Camp closed before MADTOWN's contract was sold.
Ravi is a South Korean rapper.
Ravi is a songwriter.
Ravi is a producer.
Ravi is signed under Jellyfish Entertainment.
Ravi began his career as a rapper in 2012.
Ravi began his career in the South Korean boy group VIXX.
Ravi later formed VIXX's first sub-unit VIXX LR with band mate Leo in 2015.
Ravi's songwriting career began with his participation in co-writing VIXX's debut single 'Super Hero'.
As of November 2016, Ravi has contributed to the writing and composing of over 46 songs recorded by VIXX.
Ravi is widely known for his participation in composing and songwriting rap portions for VIXX.
Ravi is widely known for his participation in writing lyrics for VIXX.
Ravi is widely known for his participation in composing music for VIXX.
SF9 is a South Korean boy group.
SF9 was formed by FNC Entertainment.
SF9 is the first dance boy group to ever debut from FNC Entertainment.
SF9 debuted on October 5, 2016.
SF9 debuted with the release of their first single album 'Feeling Sensation'.
This is the discography of Seventeen.
Seventeen is a South Korean boy group.
Seventeen is also stylized as SEVENTEEN or SVT.
Seventeen was formed by Pledis Entertainment in 2015.
Seventeen has released one album.
Seventeen has released four EPs.
The following is the discography of South Korean boy group BTS.
BTS debuted in South Korea in June 2013.
BTS debuted with the single album '2 Cool 4 Skool'.
The single album '2 Cool 4 Skool' debuted at number 5 on the South Korean Week 31 Gaon Weekly Chart.
BTS made a comeback in September 2013.
BTS made a comeback with the extended play 'O!RUL8,2?'.
The extended play 'O!RUL8,2?' peaked at number 4 on the Week 38 Gaon Weekly Chart.
BTS released their second extended play 'Skool Luv Affair' in February 2014.
The extended play 'Skool Luv Affair' charted at number 1 on the Week 18 Gaon Weekly Chart.
The release of 'Skool Luv Affair' marked the first time a BTS album charted on international charts.
BTS albums charted on Billboard World Albums.
BTS albums charted on Japan's Oricon Chart.
A repackaged version of the album 'Skool Luv Affair Special Addition' was released in May 2014.
The repackaged version 'Skool Luv Affair Special Addition' peaked at number 1 on the Week 21 Gaon Weekly Chart.
James P. Comer was born James Pierpont Comer on September 25, 1934 in East Chicago, Indiana.
James P. Comer is currently the Maurice Falk Professor of Child Psychiatry at the Yale Child Study Center.
James P. Comer has been the Maurice Falk Professor of Child Psychiatry at the Yale Child Study Center since 1976.
James P. Comer is also an associate dean at the Yale School of Medicine.
James P. Comer is one of the world's leading child psychiatrists.
James P. Comer is best known for his efforts to improve the scholastic performance of children from lower-income and minority backgrounds.
James P. Comer's efforts led to the founding of the Comer School Development Program in 1968.
The Comer School Development Program has been used in more than 600 schools.
The Comer School Development Program has been used in eighty-two school districts.
James P. Comer is the author of ten books.
One of James P. Comer's books is the autobiographical 'Maggie’s American Dream: The Life and Times of a Black Family', published in 1988.
Another one of James P. Comer's books is 'Leave No Child Behind: Preparing Today's Youth for Tomorrow's World', published in 2004.
James P. Comer's most recent book is 'What I Learned in School: Reflections on Race, Child Development, and School Reform', published in 2009.
James P. Comer has written more than 150 articles for Parents magazine.
James P. Comer has written more than 300 articles on children's health and development.
James P. Comer has written more than 300 articles on race relations.
Dr. James P. Comer has served as a consultant to the Children's Television Workshop.
The Children's Television Workshop produces Sesame Street and The Electric Company.
James P. Comer is a co-founder and past president of the Black Psychiatrists of America.
James P. Comer has served on the board of several universities, foundations, and corporations.
James P. Comer has lectured and consulted widely across the United States.
James P. Comer has lectured and consulted at different universities, medical schools, and scientific associations in the United States.
James P. Comer has lectured and consulted around the world.
James P. Comer has lectured and consulted in places such as London, Paris, Tokyo, Dakar, Senegal, and Sydney, Australia.
Dr. James P. Comer has been awarded 47 honorary degrees.
Dr. James P. Comer has been recognized by numerous organizations for his work and scholarship.
Clifford Smith was born on April 1, 1971.
Clifford Smith is better known by his stage name Method Man.
Method Man is an American rapper.
Method Man is a record producer.
Method Man is an actor.
Method Man is known as a member of the East Coast hip hop collective Wu-Tang Clan.
Method Man is one half of the hip hop duo Method Man & Redman.
Method Man took his stage name from the 1979 film 'Method Man'.
In 1996, Method Man won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group.
The Grammy Award was for the song 'I'll Be There for You/You're All I Need to Get By'.
Method Man won the Grammy Award with American R&B singer-songwriter Mary J. Blige.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina was born on 9 June 1942.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina is also known by her stage name Indriati Iskak.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina is known by her name after marriage as Indri Makki.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina is an Indonesian actress.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina is a psychologist.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina is a marketer.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina was born in Surabaya.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina entered the Indonesian film industry.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina soared to popularity with Usmar Ismail's commercially successful film 'Tiga Dara' in 1957.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina appeared in eight further films.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina established her own girl group.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina retired from cinema in 1963.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina graduated from the University of Indonesia.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina graduated with a degree in psychology in 1968.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina has taught the subject of psychology.
Indriati Gerald Bernardina worked with Unilever for twenty-six years.
Since 1994, Indriati Gerald Bernardina has been a marketing consultant with Makki Makki.
Eenasul Fateh was born on 3 April 1959.
Eenasul Fateh is also known by the stage name Aladin.
Eenasul Fateh is a Bangladeshi-British cultural practitioner.
Eenasul Fateh is a magician.
Eenasul Fateh is a live artist.
Eenasul Fateh is a former international management consultant.
Mick Batyske is known by his stage name Mick.
Mick Batyske is sometimes styled as MICK.
Mick Batyske was formerly known as Mick Boogie.
Mick Batyske is an American DJ.
Mick Batyske is an entrepreneur.
Mick Batyske is an A-list DJ.
Mick Batyske spun private parties for celebrities.
The celebrities that Mick Batyske spun private parties for include Kanye West, LeBron James, Jay-Z, and Will Smith.
Mick Batyske has released mix tapes.
Mick Batyske has performed in venues internationally.
The international venues where Mick Batyske has performed include New York City, Dubai, Tokyo, Las Vegas, and Los Angeles.
Mick Batyske is an entrepreneur.
Mick Batyske has invested in various start-up companies.
One of the start-up companies that Mick Batyske has invested in is Localeur.
Mick Batyske is also an advisor and consultant for Localeur.
Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos was born on December 19, 1967.
Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos is known by the stage name Criss Angel.
Criss Angel is an American magician.
Criss Angel is an illusionist.
Criss Angel is a musician.
Criss Angel began his career in New York City.
Criss Angel moved his base of operations to the Las Vegas Valley.
Criss Angel is known for starring in the television and stage show 'Criss Angel Mindfreak'.
Criss Angel is known for his previous live performance illusion show 'Criss Angel Believe'.
'Criss Angel Believe' was in collaboration with Cirque du Soleil.
'Criss Angel Believe' was performed at the Luxor casino in Las Vegas.
'Criss Angel Believe' generated $150 million in tourist revenue to Las Vegas in 2010.
'Criss Angel Believe' has since been replaced by 'Mindfreak LIVE' on May 11, 2016.
'Mindfreak LIVE' is partly produced by Cirque du Soleil.
The directive rights for 'Mindfreak LIVE' are entirely with Criss Angel.
Criss Angel starred in the television series 'Criss Angel BeLIEve' on Spike TV.
Criss Angel starred in the reality-competition television show 'Phenomenon' on NBC.
Criss Angel starred in the 2014 stage show 'Criss Angel Magicjam'.
Lanre Dabiri was born on May 23, 1977.
Lanre Dabiri is better known by the stage name Eldee.
Eldee is stylized as eLDee.
Eldee is a former Nigerian-American rapper.
Eldee is a former singer.
Eldee is a former record producer.
Eldee is now an IT Consultant based in the United States.
The name 'Lanre' is a diminutive for the Yoruba name 'Olanrewaju'.
The Yoruba name 'Olanrewaju' translates to 'Wealth is moving forward'.
Eldee has a master's degree in Architecture.
Eldee obtained the master's degree from the University of Lagos, Nigeria.
Eldee is an original member of the band Trybesmen.
The band Trybesmen was started in 1998.
The band Trybesmen was started with rappers KB and Freestyle.
Eldee hails from Lagos Island in Lagos State of Nigeria.
Management consulting is the practice of helping organizations to improve their performance.
Management consulting operates primarily through the analysis of existing organizational problems.
Management consulting involves the development of plans for improvement.
Organizations may draw upon the services of management consultants for a number of reasons.
One reason organizations may draw upon the services of management consultants is to gain external advice.
The external advice provided by management consultants is presumably objective.
Organizations may also draw upon the services of management consultants for access to the consultants' specialized expertise.
Sylvester Samuels is better known by his stage name Lil Ru.
Lil Ru is an American rapper.
Lil Ru is from Ridgeway, South Carolina.
Lil Ru is currently signed to Def Jam Recordings.
Lil Ru's debut album, 21 & Up, was released on August 25, 2009.
Lil Ru was 16 when he made his professional foray into the music business.
Lil Ru was inspired by New Orleans’ innovative Cash Money Crew.
Lil Ru began making a name for himself on his local music scene.
Lil Ru performed live shows.
Lil Ru pressed up his own CDs.
Lil Ru's hard-hitting lyrics and entrepreneurial spirit caught the attention of Angie Stone.
Angie Stone is a fellow South Carolinian.
Angie Stone helped Lil Ru secure a deal with Elektra Records.
Lil Ru found himself unsigned again after the label merged with Atlantic Records.
Music fans first heard Lil Ru on his 2001 debut single Will Destroy.
Lil Ru released his 2002 follow-up single Shawty What You Doin’.
Both Will Destroy and Shawty What You Doin’ reached the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop charts.
Both songs helped land Lil Ru at his next label home, Capitol Records.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi was born in Quito on January 30, 1970.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi's stage name is Amaruk Kayshapanta.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi is an Ecuadorian multidisciplinary artist.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi is known in Spain and Ecuador for his artistic and humanistic trajectory.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi advocates for the Human Rights of Immigration in Spain.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi was named as the 'Chasqui de Oro' in the VI Race and hike 'El Chasqui-NY'.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi received the award as 'Cultural Ambassador of the Andes-Mushuk Nina 2014 (Third Edition)'.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi received the award for rescuing the traditions and culture of the Andes.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi supports Indigenous Organizations of Peru and Bolivia based in Ecuador.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi obtained the prize '100 Latinos Madrid' from the Community of Madrid.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi received the prize in recognition of his non-profit altruistic and cultural work.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi's work benefits foreign immigrants in Spain.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi is known for his role in the TV series 'Hospital Central'.
In the TV series 'Hospital Central', Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi gave life to the character 'Edgar'.
Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi's philosophy is called 'Amawtica Amarukiana Desestructuration'.
The philosophy 'Amawtica Amarukiana Desestructuration' brings the Philosophical study of the Andean Worldview to the contemporary world.
The philosophy 'Amawtica Amarukiana Desestructuration' is a spiritual legacy of transformation and balance.
The philosophy 'Amawtica Amarukiana Desestructuration' aims for the awakening of a collective conscience.
