Once upon a time, there lived a little white kitten named Cotton.
Cotton lived in a barn near a farm house.
Cotton lived high up in a nice warm place above the barn.
The place above the barn was where all of the farmer's horses slept.
Cotton was not alone in her little home above the barn.
Cotton shared her hay bed with her mommy and 5 other sisters.
All of Cotton's sisters were cute and fluffy.
Cotton was the only white kitten in the bunch.
The rest of Cotton's sisters were all orange.
The rest of Cotton's sisters had beautiful white tiger stripes.
Cotton's mommy had beautiful white tiger stripes.
Being different made Cotton quite sad.
Cotton often wished she looked like the rest of her family.
One day, Cotton found a can of the old farmer's orange paint.
Cotton used the orange paint to paint herself like her sisters.
When Cotton's mommy and sisters found her, they started laughing.
Cotton's sisters asked her what she was doing.
Cotton expressed that she only wanted to be more like her sisters.
Cotton's mommy rubbed her face on Cotton's face.
Cotton's mommy told Cotton that her fur was pretty and special.
Cotton's mommy said they would never want Cotton to be any other way.
Cotton's mommy picked her up and dropped her into a big bucket of water.
When Cotton came out of the water, she was herself again.
Cotton's sisters licked her face until Cotton's fur was all dry.
Cotton's sisters cried out to her not to ever do that again.
Cotton's sisters warned her that next time she might mess up her pretty white fur.
Cotton thought that she changed her mind.
Cotton realized that she liked being special.
Once there was a beautiful fish named Asta.
Asta lived in the ocean.
There were lots of other fish in the ocean where Asta lived.
The other fish played all day long.
One day, a bottle floated by over the heads of Asta and Asta's friends.
Asta and Asta's friends looked up and saw the bottle.
Sharkie was Asta's friend.
Sharkie asked, 'What is it?'
Asta said, 'It looks like a bird's belly.'
When Asta and Asta's friends swam closer, it was not a bird's belly.
The bottle was hard and clear.
There was something inside the bottle.
The bottle floated above Asta and Asta's friends.
Asta and Asta's friends wanted to open the bottle.
Asta and Asta's friends wanted to see what was inside the bottle.
Asta and Asta's friends caught the bottle.
Asta and Asta's friends carried the bottle down to the bottom of the ocean.
Asta and Asta's friends cracked the bottle open on a rock.
When Asta and Asta's friends got the bottle open, they found what was inside.
What was inside the bottle was a note.
The note was written in orange crayon on white paper.
Asta could not read the note.
Sharkie could not read the note.
Asta and Sharkie took the note to Asta's papa.
Asta and Sharkie asked Asta's papa, 'What does it say?'
Asta's papa read the note.
Asta's papa told Asta and Sharkie, 'This note is from a little girl.'
The little girl wants to be Asta and Sharkie's friend.
Asta's papa said, 'If you want to be her friend, we can write a note to her.'
Asta's papa said, 'But you have to find another bottle so we can send it to her.'
Asta and Sharkie did what Asta's papa suggested.
The doorbell rings.
On the step, the narrator finds an elderly Chinese lady.
The elderly Chinese lady is small and slight.
The elderly Chinese lady is holding the hand of a little boy.
In her other hand, the elderly Chinese lady holds a paper carrier bag.
The narrator knows the elderly Chinese lady.
It is not the elderly Chinese lady's first visit.
The elderly Chinese lady is the little boy's grandmother.
The little boy's mother is the elderly Chinese lady's daughter.
The little boy's mother bought the house next door last October.
The little boy's mother is named Nicole.
Nicole speaks fluent English.
Nicole is currently in Shanghai.
Nicole's parents are in the narrator's location with the little boy.
Nicole has told her mother that the narrator is having heart surgery soon.
The elderly Chinese lady has decided that the narrator needs more nutrients.
The narrator knows what is inside the paper carrier bag.
The paper carrier bag contains a thermos with hot soup.
The paper carrier bag contains a stainless-steel container with rice, vegetables, and either chicken, meat, or shrimp.
The paper carrier bag sometimes contains a kind of pancake.
Bringing food has become an almost-daily practice.
Communication between the narrator and the elderly Chinese lady is somewhat affected by the language barrier.
The elderly Chinese lady does not speak English.
The narrator can only say hello in Chinese.
Once, the elderly Chinese lady brought an iPad as well as the food.
The elderly Chinese lady pointed to the iPad screen.
The iPad displayed a message from Nicole.
The message from Nicole told the narrator that the elderly Chinese lady wanted to know if the food was all right and whether it was too salty.
The narrator is not used to iPads.
The elderly Chinese lady indicated that the narrator should go with her to her house.
The elderly Chinese lady handed the iPad to her husband.
The narrator found themselves looking at Nicole in Shanghai.
The narrator discussed the elderly Chinese lady's cooking and salt intake with Nicole.
Tears welled in the narrator's eyes during the conversation.
The narrator insisted that the elderly Chinese lady cannot be bringing meals like this all the time.
The narrator expressed concern about being unable to do dishes in return.
Nicole responded to the narrator's concern.
Nicole said that her mother does not like western food.
Nicole reassured the narrator that her mother has to cook for the three of them anyway.
Nicole's mother wants to cook for the narrator.
The doorbell keeps ringing.
The narrator receives the familiar brown paper carrier bag, handed smilingly to them.
The narrator is now working on learning more Chinese words.
The narrator believes learning Chinese is the least they can do after such a display of kindness.
'Thank you' is the first Chinese word the narrator is learning.
'Thank you' seems inadequate to the narrator.
Dennis Farina has died.
Dennis Farina was 69 years old.
Dennis Farina was a dapper, mustachioed cop-turned-actor.
Dennis Farina was best known for his tough-as-nails work in TV series such as 'Law & Order,' 'Crime Story,' and 'Miami Vice.'
Lori De Waal is Dennis Farina's publicist.
Lori De Waal expressed deep sadness by stating that they lost a great actor and a wonderful man.
Dennis Farina was always warmhearted and professional.
Dennis Farina had a great sense of humor and passion for his profession.
Dennis Farina will be greatly missed by his family, friends, and colleagues.
Dennis Farina had a long career as a police officer in Chicago.
Michael Mann is a director who used Dennis Farina as a consultant.
Michael Mann cast Dennis Farina in his 1981 movie, 'Thief.'
The role in 'Thief' led to other roles for Dennis Farina in Mann-created shows.
Dennis Farina played a mobster in 'Miami Vice.'
Dennis Farina starred as Lt. Mike Torello in 'Crime Story.'
Dennis Farina had roles in a number of movies, generally as either cops or gangsters.
Some of the movies Dennis Farina appeared in include 'Midnight Run' (1988), 'Get Shorty' (1995), 'The Mod Squad' (1999), and 'Snatch' (2000).
In 2004, Dennis Farina joined the cast of the long-running 'Law & Order' after Jerry Orbach's departure.
Dennis Farina played Detective Joe Fontana on 'Law & Order.'
Dennis Farina reprised the role of Detective Joe Fontana on the spinoff 'Trial by Jury.'
Detective Joe Fontana was known for flashy clothes and an expensive car.
Detective Joe Fontana was a distinct counterpoint to Jerry Orbach's character, Lennie Briscoe.
Dennis Farina was on 'Law & Order' for two years.
Dennis Farina was partnered with Jesse L. Martin's character, Ed Green.
Jesse L. Martin's character, Ed Green, became a senior detective after Dennis Farina left the show.
Kendra and Quinton travel to and from school every day.
Kendra lives further from the bus stop than Quinton does.
Kendra stops every morning at Quinton's house to join Quinton to walk to the bus stop.
Every afternoon, after school, Kendra and Quinton go in for cookies and milk.
Quinton's mother has cookies and milk ready and waiting for Kendra and Quinton.
Quinton can't eat cheese or cake.
Kendra and Quinton had the same snack every day.
Kendra and Quinton work together on their homework.
Kendra and Quinton play together when they are done with their homework.
Kendra always makes sure to leave in time to get home for dinner.
Kendra doesn't want to miss story time.
Story time is right before bedtime.
One morning, Kendra walked up to Quinton's house.
Kendra thought something might be wrong because Quinton was not waiting outside for her.
Kendra went up to the door and knocked.
Kendra waited and waited and yet no one answered.
Quinton's mother's car wasn't in their driveway.
Kendra thought it was weird that Quinton's mother's car wasn't in their driveway.
Kendra waited for a bit looking up and down the block.
Kendra was getting worried when Quinton was nowhere to be found.
Kendra didn't want to miss the bus to school.
Kendra hurried off to make it to the bus in time.
The bus driver saw that Kendra was upset.
The bus driver saw that Quinton was not with Kendra that morning.
Kendra told the bus driver what happened.
The bus driver said that he was sure that everything would be okay.
Kendra got to school.
Kendra ran to her teacher and told him what happened that morning.
Kendra's teacher smiled and told her not to worry.
Quinton's mother had called Kendra's teacher.
Quinton was going to the dentist.
Quinton would be at school after lunch.
Kendra would see Quinton at the bus stop like normal tomorrow.
Staten Island is one of the five boroughs of New York City.
Staten Island is located in the U.S. state of New York.
Staten Island is in the southwest of New York City.
Staten Island is the southernmost part of both New York City and the state of New York.
Conference House Park is located at the southern tip of Staten Island.
Staten Island is separated from New Jersey by the Arthur Kill.
Staten Island is separated from New Jersey by the Kill Van Kull.
Staten Island is separated from the rest of New York by New York Bay.
Staten Island had a 2016 Census-estimated population of 476,015.
Staten Island is the least populated of the boroughs of New York City.
Staten Island is the third-largest borough in area.
Staten Island is the only borough of New York City with a non-Hispanic White majority.
Staten Island is coextensive with Richmond County.
Staten Island was known as the Borough of Richmond until 1975.
The flag of Staten Island was changed to reflect its status as a borough.
Staten Island has been called 'the forgotten borough' by inhabitants.
Inhabitants of Staten Island feel neglected by the city government.
The North Shore is the most urban part of Staten Island.
The neighborhoods of St. George, Tompkinsville, Clifton, and Stapleton are located on the North Shore.
The North Shore contains the designated St. George Historic District.
The North Shore contains the St. Paul's Avenue-Stapleton Heights Historic District.
The St. George Historic District features large Victorian houses.
The East Shore is home to the F.D.R. Boardwalk.
The F.D.R. Boardwalk is the fourth-longest boardwalk in the world.
The South Shore was the site of a 17th-century Dutch and French Huguenot settlement.
The South Shore developed rapidly beginning in the 1960s and 1970s.
The South Shore is now mostly suburban in character.
The West Shore is the least populated part of Staten Island.
The West Shore is the most industrial part of Staten Island.
Thunder was coming when Reginald Eppes woke up at five in the morning.
Reginald Eppes checked the weather forecast.
A violent storm was coming.
It sounded like Reginald Eppes' small town wouldn't be hit too hard.
Reginald Eppes was a firefighter.
Reginald Eppes had clearly known the power of huge storms from experiences.
Reginald Eppes asked his wife, Danielle, 'Do you know where the flashlights are?'
Thunder was all around Reginald Eppes and Danielle.
The moment Reginald Eppes turned the flashlight on, the house lights went off.
A second later, the kitchen windows were broken.
Reginald Eppes and Danielle ran to their boys who were still sleeping in their bedroom.
Reginald Eppes shouted, 'Get up, get up, R.J.!' while waving his flashlight.
The sleepy boy, R.J., moved to the edge of the bed.
Reginald Eppes held out his arms and ordered his son, R.J., to jump.
Reginald Eppes was too late.
The roof was torn down.
R.J. was buried under the pieces.
Reginald Eppes thought, 'I've lost him.'
Reginald Eppes hurried to Joel to shield him.
Glass, wood, and plaster hit Reginald Eppes and Joel.
Something huge and heavy, maybe the washing machine, knocked into Reginald Eppes.
Reginald Eppes hurt his arms, but he still held the flashlight in one hand.
After a long period, the wind began to die down.
Reginald Eppes found himself standing in the ruins of his home.
Darkness lay all about Reginald Eppes.
Reginald Eppes thought he saw a shape moving straight toward him.
The shape moving straight toward Reginald Eppes was R.J.
R.J. was guided home by the light of Reginald Eppes' flashlight.
At the hospital later, R.J. described what had happened to him.
R.J. said, 'I rushed out when the wall started moving. I was scared. My mom and dad were gone.'
Pieces of glass hit R.J.'s back.
Something hit R.J.'s neck really hard.
R.J. had been raised up into the air by the wind.
R.J. was dropped back to the ground.
Amazingly, R.J. was not hurt badly.
Of all his family, Reginald Eppes was hurt most seriously.
FBI agents searched the Maryland home of the suspect in the recent disappearance of an American woman in Aruba on Friday night.
An FBI agent provided this information.
The search is occurring in the Gaithersburg residence of Gary Giordano.
Gary Giordano is currently being held in an Aruban jail.
FBI Special Agent Rich Wolf told CNN about the search.
Agents were wearing vests that said FBI.
Agents were carrying empty cardboard and plastic boxes.
Agents arrived at the residence about 8:40 p.m. on Friday.
About 15 unmarked cars could be seen on the street.
A Montgomery County police vehicle was also present on the street.
Supervisory Special Agent Philip Celestini was at the residence.
Philip Celestini declined to comment further on the search.
Philip Celestini cited the active investigation as the reason for not commenting.
Aruban Solicitor General Taco Stein said earlier on Friday that the suspect will appear in court on Monday.
An investigating magistrate could order Gary Giordano to be held for at least eight more days.
An investigating magistrate could order Gary Giordano to remain on the island.
An investigating magistrate could release Gary Giordano outright due to a lack of evidence.
Gary Giordano was arrested by Aruban police on August 5.
Robyn Gardner was last seen near Baby Beach on the western tip of the Caribbean island three days before Gary Giordano's arrest.
Gary Giordano told authorities that he had been snorkeling with Robyn Gardner.
Gary Giordano signaled to Robyn Gardner to swim back.
When Gary Giordano reached the beach, Robyn Gardner was nowhere to be found.
Gary Giordano allegedly made this statement to authorities.
The area that Gary Giordano led authorities to is a rocky, unsightly location.
Locals say the area is not a popular snorkeling spot.
Prosecutors have continued to identify the 50-year-old American man by his initials, GVG.
Prosecutors released a photo of a man who appears to be Gary Giordano.
Michael Lopez is Gary Giordano's attorney.
Michael Lopez has said that Gary Giordano is being held as a suspect in Robyn Gardner's death.
Michael Lopez has not returned telephone calls seeking comment.
India grows the most tea.
India grows three times as much tea as China.
Neither China nor Japan drinks the most tea.
Great Britain drinks the most tea.
In the wild, tea plants may be 30 feet tall.
A plant grown for market is pruned.
Pruning keeps the tea plant only three or four feet tall.
Three or four feet is an easy height for tea picking.
Only the two top leaves and bud of each new shoot are picked.
To make money, tea plantations must be huge.
There are two kinds of tea in general.
The two kinds of tea are black tea and green tea.
Black tea is fermented.
In the process of fermentation, black tea loses nearly all of its healthy qualities.
Green tea is steamed right after the leaves are picked.
Green tea retains its healthy qualities.
Green tea may prevent heart disease.
Tea bags were created by accident.
Tea merchants used to send samples in tin boxes.
Sending samples in tin boxes was costly.
One tea merchant thought of a cheaper way to send samples.
The tea merchant sent samples in small silk bags.
Customers would cut open the silk bag.
Customers would brew the leaves as usual.
One customer put the silk bag into a pot.
The customer poured hot water over the silk bag.
The tea bag was born.
Shen Nong was the first to drink tea.
Shen Nong was a Chinese emperor.
Shen Nong drank tea around 2737 B.C.
Shen Nong had bad digestion.
Shen Nong drank several cups of hot water daily.
One day, leaves from a wild tea tree fell into Shen Nong's hot water pot.
The next cup poured from the pot was now colored.
Shen Nong sipped the colored water.
Shen Nong liked the colored water.
Shen Nong drank all of the colored water.
Shen Nong was proud of his new drink.
Shen Nong served the new drink to his guests.
Word spread that tea was good enough for the Emperor.
People thought that if tea was good enough for the Emperor, it must be good enough for the people.
Tea became the drink of China.
The German news outlet Der Spiegel has published photographs of what appear to be two U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan posing over the bodies of dead Afghans.
The images threaten to further complicate the American military effort in Afghanistan.
Two images show the soldiers kneeling by a bloody body sprawled over a patch of sand and grass.
A third image shows what appears to be two bodies propped up, back to back, against a post in front of a military vehicle.
Der Spiegel identifies the soldiers as Spc. Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes.
Spc. Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes are both facing charges relating to the wrongful deaths of Afghan civilians.
Pfc. Andrew Holmes is charged with the premeditated deaths of three civilians.
Pfc. Andrew Holmes is charged with possessing a dismembered human finger.
Pfc. Andrew Holmes is charged with wrongfully possessing photographs of human casualties.
Pfc. Andrew Holmes is charged with smoking hashish.
Pfc. Andrew Holmes is accused of conspiring with Spc. Jeremy Morlock to shoot at a civilian and then toss a grenade so it would look like the soldiers were under attack.
Spc. Jeremy Morlock is charged with three counts of murder.
Spc. Jeremy Morlock is accused of killing one Afghan civilian in January 2010 with a grenade and rifle.
Spc. Jeremy Morlock is accused of killing another Afghan civilian in May 2010 in a similar manner.
Spc. Jeremy Morlock is accused of shooting a third Afghan civilian to death in February 2010.
U.S. military rules prohibit taking or retaining individual souvenirs or trophies.
The photographs may be construed as individual souvenirs or trophies.
The trial for Spc. Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes is being conducted at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington.
Spc. Jeremy Morlock's court martial is slated to begin on Wednesday.
The start date for Pfc. Andrew Holmes' court martial has not been publicly announced.
A chiseled boxer's Instagram feed shows the chiseled boxer making constant references to the Bible.
The chiseled boxer enjoys gospel singing with his wife.
Another Instagram feed features the formidable opponent counting stacks of money.
The formidable opponent hangs out in strip clubs.
The formidable opponent flashes diamond watches.
The formidable opponent flashes Ferraris.
The world of boxing promotion is depicted as it was in 2015.
American Floyd Mayweather and Filipino Manny Pacquiao are set to officially announce their heavily anticipated boxing match at a press conference in Los Angeles on Wednesday.
The combined purse for the May 2 bout in Las Vegas is reported to touch $300 million pending viewership numbers.
The incentives to self-promote could not be higher.
Nisse Sauerland is a boxing promoter and CEO of Team Sauerland.
Nisse Sauerland states that nowadays you have to be on social media to launch the fight and to build hype.
Nisse Sauerland believes that the fight couldn't be done without social media.
Thirty-eight year old Floyd Mayweather has a professional record of 47 wins and 0 losses, with 26 knockouts.
Floyd Mayweather favors the moniker 'The Money Man' or 'TBE' (The Best Ever).
Floyd Mayweather boasts nearly five million Instagram followers.
Floyd Mayweather has 5.65 million followers on Twitter.
Floyd Mayweather has 9.2 million Facebook likes.
Floyd Mayweather famously confirmed the fight via Shots, a photo sharing social media application that he has invested in.
Floyd Mayweather displays links to his clothing brand, The Money Team, on all his social media accounts.
Floyd Mayweather professes to be the best fighter of all time.
Floyd Mayweather could also stake a claim to be one of the greatest social media users in sports.
Nisse Sauerland thinks that both Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are playing their roles.
Nisse Sauerland describes Floyd Mayweather as the bad guy who throws the money around.
Nisse Sauerland describes Manny Pacquiao as the hope of a nation.
OCLC is currently incorporated as OCLC Online Computer Library Center, Incorporated.
OCLC is an American nonprofit cooperative organization.
OCLC is dedicated to the public purposes of furthering access to the world's information.
OCLC is dedicated to reducing information costs.
OCLC was founded in 1967 as the Ohio College Library Center.
OCLC and its member libraries cooperatively produce and maintain WorldCat.
WorldCat is the largest online public access catalog in the world.
OCLC is funded mainly by the fees that libraries have to pay for its services.
OCLC's annual funding from library fees is around $200 million.
OCLC began in 1967 as the Ohio College Library Center.
OCLC was created through a collaboration of Ohio university presidents, vice presidents, and library directors.
The collaboration aimed to create a cooperative, computerized network for Ohio libraries.
The group first met on July 5, 1967, on the campus of the Ohio State University.
The group signed the articles of incorporation for the nonprofit organization.
The group hired Frederick G. Kilgour to design the shared cataloging system.
Frederick G. Kilgour was a former Yale University medical school librarian.
Frederick G. Kilgour wished to merge the latest information storage and retrieval system of the time with the library.
The latest information storage and retrieval system of the time was the computer.
The plan was to merge the catalogs of Ohio libraries electronically through a computer network and database.
The purpose of the plan was to streamline operations, control costs, and increase efficiency in library management.
The goal of the network and database was to bring libraries together to cooperatively keep track of the world's information.
The goal was to best serve researchers and scholars.
The first library to do online cataloging through OCLC was the Alden Library at Ohio University.
The first online cataloging through OCLC occurred on August 26, 1971.
This was the first occurrence of online cataloging by any library worldwide.
John suggests that there is a good shop.
John asks if they should buy their mother's birthday present at the shop.
Mary agrees that it is a good idea.
Mary asks if they should go inside the shop.
Tom disagrees and suggests looking in the window.
Tom asks if they should buy their mother a sweater.
Anne disagrees and states that it will soon be summer.
Anne suggests buying their mother a blouse to wear.
Anne mentions that there is a nice blouse in the window.
John disagrees and states that their mother has two blouses.
John suggests buying a ring.
Mary expresses concern about the diamond rings.
Mary points out that the cheapest diamond ring is $15.
John states that a real diamond ring is at least $500.
John mentions that the rings only look like diamonds.
Tom suggests buying a table.
Tom states that the table is only $15.
Anne disagrees and states that the table does not look good.
Anne compares the table to a big box.
Anne mentions that their mother likes chairs.
Tom points out that there are no chairs available.
Mary suggests buying a pen.
Mary states that the pen is cheap and only costs $10.
John mentions that their mother has a lot of pens and pencils.
John states that all of the pens and pencils are new.
Tom points out that the flowers are beautiful.
Mary states that the flowers are not real and will never die.
John notes that the flowers are the cheapest of all the items.
John suggests buying the flowers.
Anne agrees to buy the flowers.
Tommy was a little boy.
Tommy lived by a big lake.
The big lake was by the woods.
One day, Tommy saw two little mice looking at the water.
The two little mice seemed very sad.
Tommy asked, 'What is wrong?'
Mary was one of the little mice.
Mary stood up.
Mary said, 'My brother and I love to see new things.'
Mary and her brother wanted to see what is on the other side of the lake.
Mary and her brother did not know how to build a boat to get to the other side of the lake.
Tommy smiled.
Tommy said, 'I have plenty of toy boats.'
Tommy said, 'They are your size!'
Steve was the other little mouse.
Steve said, 'Oh, thank you!'
Steve said, 'We would be very glad if we could borrow it!'
Tommy went to his house.
Tommy returned with a small toy boat.
The small toy boat had a big sail to make the boat go.
Mary and Steve climbed on the small toy boat.
Tommy put the small toy boat into the water.
The small toy boat sailed away across the water.
Mary and Steve laughed with joy.
Mary and Steve had great fun riding the toy boat.
Soon, Mary and Steve reached the other side of the lake.
Many people were having fun swimming and splashing in the water.
Steve and Mary loved seeing all the new things and people.
A man threw a ball into the water.
The ball landed by the toy boat.
The man's big dog came splashing into the water to fetch the ball.
The big waves splashed the little boat every which way.
Mary and Steve got very wet.
Mary and Steve went back home after that.
Mary and Steve told Tommy of what they saw.
Tommy, Mary, and Steve all laughed at the big dog's wave.
Tomorrow, Mary and Steve would see even more of the lake on Tommy's toy boat.
Franz Bussman is a German taxi-driver.
Franz Bussman recently found his brother.
Franz Bussman's brother was thought to have been killed twenty years ago.
Franz Bussman was on a walking tour with his wife.
Franz Bussman stopped to talk to a workman.
After Franz Bussman and his wife had gone on, Mrs. Bussman said that the workman was closely like her husband.
Mrs. Bussman even suggested that the workman might be Franz Bussman's brother.
Franz Bussman laughed at the idea.
Franz Bussman pointed out that his brother had been killed in action during the war.
Mrs. Bussman knew the story of Franz Bussman's brother quite well.
Mrs. Bussman thought there was a chance in a million that she might be right.
A few days later, Mrs. Bussman sent a boy to the workman.
The boy was sent to ask the workman if his name was Hans Bussman.
The man's name was Hans Bussman.
Hans Bussman was really Franz Bussman's long-lost brother.
When Franz Bussman and Hans Bussman were reunited, Hans explained how it was that he was still alive.
Hans Bussman had been wondered towards the end of the war.
Hans Bussman had been sent to a hospital.
Hans Bussman was separated from his unit.
The hospital had been bombed.
Hans Bussman made his way back into Western Germany on foot.
Hans Bussman's unit was lost.
All records of Hans Bussman had been destroyed.
Hans Bussman returned to his home.
Hans Bussman's house had been bombed up.
Hans Bussman guessed that his family had all been killed during an air-raid.
Hans Bussman settled down in a village fifty miles away.
Hans Bussman had remained in the village ever since.
The _Ariel_ worked her leisurely way northward along the leeward coast of Malaita.
The _Ariel_ threaded the colour-riotous lagoon that lay between the shore-reefs and outer-reefs.
The _Ariel_ dared passages that were so narrow and coral-patched.
Captain Winters averred that each day added a thousand grey hairs to his head.
The _Ariel_ dropped anchor off every walled inlet of the outer reef.
The _Ariel_ dropped anchor off every mangrove swamp of the mainland that looked promising of cannibal life.
Harley Kennan and Villa Kennan were in no hurry.
Harley Kennan and Villa Kennan did not care how long the way proved from anywhere to anywhere as long as the way was interesting.
During this time, Jerry learned a new name for himself.
Jerry learned an entire series of names for himself.
Harley Kennan had an aversion against renaming a named thing.
Harley Kennan argued to Villa that Jerry must have had a name.
Harley Kennan stated that Haggin must have named Jerry before he sailed on the _Arangi_.
Harley Kennan concluded that Jerry must remain nameless until they get back to Tulagi and find out his real name.
Villa Kennan began to tease Harley Kennan by asking what's in a name.
Harley Kennan retorted that everything is in a name.
Harley Kennan asked Villa Kennan to think of herself shipwrecked and called by her rescuers 'Mrs. Riggs,' or 'Mademoiselle de Maupin,' or just plain 'Topsy.'
Harley Kennan asked Villa Kennan to think of him being called 'Benedict Arnold,' or 'Judas,' or 'Haman.'
Harley Kennan insisted on keeping Jerry nameless until they find out his original name.
Villa Kennan objected that they must call Jerry something.
Villa Kennan stated that she can't think of Jerry without thinking something.
Harley Kennan suggested that Villa Kennan should call Jerry many names, but never the same name twice.
Harley Kennan suggested calling Jerry 'Dog' today, and 'Mister Dog' tomorrow, and the next day something else.
Brownie and Spotty were neighbor dogs.
Brownie and Spotty met every day to play together.
Brownie and Spotty loved each other.
Brownie and Spotty played together so often that they had worn a path through the grass of the field between their respective houses.
One evening, Brownie's family noticed that Brownie hadn't returned home.
Brownie's family went looking for Brownie with no success.
By the next week, Brownie was still missing.
Spotty showed up at Brownie's house alone.
Spotty was barking, whining, and generally pestering Brownie's human family.
Brownie's human family ignored Spotty.
Ted was Brownie's owner.
Ted was disturbed by Spotty.
Spotty followed Ted about, barking insistently.
Spotty rushed toward a nearby empty lot and back.
Spotty seemed to say, 'Follow me! It's urgent!'
Eventually, Ted followed Spotty to a deserted spot half a mile from the house.
Ted found his beloved Brownie alive at the deserted spot.
One of Brownie's hind legs was crushed in a steel leghold trap.
Ted was horrified.
Ted wished he had taken Spotty's earlier appeals seriously.
Ted noticed something quite remarkable.
Spotty had done more than simply lead Brownie's human owner to his trapped friend.
In a circle around the injured dog, Ted found an array of dog food and table scraps.
The dog food and table scraps were later identified as the remains of every meal Spotty had been fed that week.
Spotty had been visiting Brownie regularly.
Spotty hoped to keep his friend alive by sacrificing his own comfort.
Spotty had evidently stayed with Brownie to protect him from hunger and other dangers.
Spotty stayed with Brownie to keep his spirits up.
Brownie's leg was treated by a veterinarian.
Brownie recovered.
For many years thereafter, the two families watched the faithful friends chasing each other down the well-worn path between their houses.
This is the story of a young girl.
This is the story of the young girl's dog.
The young girl and her dog set out on a trip into the woods one day.
Upon entering the woods, the young girl and her dog found that the woods were dark and cold.
The young girl was a little scared.
The young girl was thinking of turning back.
The young girl and her dog went on despite the young girl's fear.
The young girl's dog was acting very interested in what was in the bushes up ahead.
To both the young girl and the young dog's surprise, there was a small brown bear resting in the bushes.
The small brown bear was not surprised.
The small brown bear did not seem at all interested in the young girl and her dog.
The small brown bear looked up at the young girl.
It was almost as if the small brown bear was smiling at the young girl.
The small brown bear then rested his head on his bear paws.
The small brown bear went back to sleep.
The young girl and her dog kept walking.
The young girl and her dog finally made it out of the woods.
To this day, the young girl does not know why the small brown bear was so friendly.
To this day, the young girl has never told anyone about the meeting with the small brown bear in the woods.
A 10-year-old boy fatally shot his father on Friday.
The father was struck several times while sitting in the front seat of a SUV.
The SUV was parked to pick up the 10-year-old boy from his mother's home for a weekend visit.
The incident happened about 3pm on a cul-de-sac in the 1700 block of Cedar Cove Court.
Sgt. Williams is a representative of the Harris County Sheriff's Department.
An investigation found that Rick James Lohstroh was shot by his son.
Rick James Lohstroh was 41 years old.
Rick James Lohstroh was sitting in the front seat of a Toyota 4-Runner.
The shooting took place outside the home of Rick James Lohstroh's ex-wife.
The 10-year-old boy lives with his mother and a 7-year-old brother.
Sgt. Williams stated that they are not certain of anything until the investigation is finished.
The information available at this time is that the 10-year-old boy did fire the weapon.
The mother and the 7-year-old brother were inside the house when the shooting occurred.
Sgt. Williams stated that the gun belonged to the boy's mother.
After firing shots through the back seat, the 10-year-old boy exited the back of the vehicle.
The 10-year-old boy continued to fire at the car after exiting the vehicle.
Rick James Lohstroh died on the way to Memorial Herman Hospital.
Rick James Lohstroh was a doctor at the University of Texas Medical Branch.
Rick James Lohstroh and his ex-wife shared custody of the children.
Sgt. Williams stated that the mother and the 10-year-old boy were still in the home talking to investigators on Friday night.
Neighbors described the family as being quiet and keeping to themselves.
Justin Gray was 17 years old and was walking in the neighborhood when he heard gunshots.
Justin Gray stated that there had been a suicide in the neighborhood once, but never anything like this.
The lengthening sunny days went on without bringing what Romola most desired.
The lengthening sunny days went on without bringing what Romola most dreaded.
The lengthening sunny days brought no sign from Baldassarre.
The Government had a special watch for the suspected conspiracy.
The special watch by the Government did not reveal the suspected conspiracy.
The lengthening sunny days brought other things which touched Romola closely.
The other things brought by the lengthening sunny days bridged the phantom-crowded space of anxiety with active sympathy in immediate trial.
The lengthening sunny days brought the spreading Plague.
The lengthening sunny days brought the Excommunication of Savonarola.
Both the spreading Plague and the Excommunication of Savonarola tended to arrest Romola's incipient alienation from the Frate.
Both the spreading Plague and the Excommunication of Savonarola tended to rivet again Romola's attachment to the man who had opened to her the new life of duty.
The man who opened to Romola the new life of duty seemed to be worsted in the fight for principle against profligacy.
Romola could not carry from day to day into the abodes of pestilence and misery the sublime excitement of a gladness.
Romola felt that since such anguish existed, she too existed to make some of the anguish less bitter.
Romola remembered that she owed her transcendent moral life to Fra Girolamo.
Romola could not witness the silencing and excommunication of a man whose distinction from the great mass of the clergy lay in the energy with which he sought to make the Christian life a reality.
Romola felt herself drawn strongly to the side of the man who sought to make the Christian life a reality.
Far on in the hot days of June, the Excommunication was solemnly published in the Duomo.
The Excommunication had arrived from Rome for some weeks before it was published.
Romola went to witness the scene of the Excommunication.
Romola hoped that the resistance inspired by the Excommunication might invigorate her sympathy with Savonarola.
Romola's sympathy with Savonarola was one source of her strength.
The scene Romola witnessed in the Duomo was in memorable contrast with the scene she had been accustomed to witness there.
Jenny's family lived in a small apartment in Seattle.
One day, Jenny came home from school.
Jenny's mom told Jenny that the family was moving to Utah.
Jenny was sad to leave her friends.
Jenny was sad to leave her school.
Jenny helped her mom pack boxes.
Jenny helped her mom clean their apartment to get ready for the move.
Soon, the day came when Jenny's dad brought a large truck to the parking lot.
All of the family's things were put inside the large truck.
Jenny and her mom rode in their car.
Jenny's dad drove the large truck towards Utah.
Jenny loved getting to eat lots of yummy fast food on the way.
When the family got to their new home in Utah, Jenny helped her parents take all of the boxes into the house.
Jenny loved her new bedroom.
When Jenny was emptying a box of her toys, there was a knock at the door.
The knock at the door was from a little girl who wanted Jenny to play.
Jenny was going to like Utah.
Natasha Richardson was a film star.
Natasha Richardson was a Tony-winning stage actress.
Natasha Richardson was a member of the famed Redgrave acting family.
Natasha Richardson died on Wednesday after suffering injuries in a ski accident.
Natasha Richardson was 45 years old.
Natasha Richardson fell on a beginners' slope in Canada.
Natasha Richardson was injured on Monday in a fall on a ski slope at a Quebec resort.
The Quebec resort is located about 80 miles northwest of Montreal.
Natasha Richardson was the wife of actor Liam Neeson.
Natasha Richardson's family released a statement regarding her death.
The statement from Natasha Richardson's family said that Liam Neeson, his sons, and the entire family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Natasha.
Natasha Richardson's family expressed gratitude for the support, love, and prayers of everyone.
Natasha Richardson's family asked for privacy during this very difficult time.
According to a statement from Mont Tremblant Ski Resort, Natasha Richardson fell during a lesson on a beginners' trail.
The statement from Mont Tremblant Ski Resort indicated that Natasha Richardson did not show any visible sign of injury.
The ski patrol followed strict procedures and brought Natasha Richardson back to the bottom of the slope.
The ski patrol insisted that Natasha Richardson should see a doctor.
Natasha Richardson, accompanied by her instructor, returned to her hotel.
About an hour after the fall, Natasha Richardson was not feeling good.
An ambulance was called for Natasha Richardson.
Natasha Richardson was taken to a local hospital.
Natasha Richardson was transferred to Hopital du Sacre-Coeur in Montreal.
From Hopital du Sacre-Coeur, Natasha Richardson was transferred to Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City.
Friends and colleagues were saddened by Natasha Richardson's death.
Jodie Foster worked with Natasha Richardson in the film 'Nell.'
Jodie Foster described Natasha Richardson as brilliant, beautiful, funny, and talented beyond measure.
Jodie Foster stated that Natasha Richardson was as emotionally raw as she was razor sharp.
Jodie Foster mentioned that Natasha Richardson loved fiercely and that love continues in all who knew her.
Jodie Foster expressed hope that Liam Neeson, Natasha Richardson's beautiful boys, and her loving family hold her close as they move through this tragic moment.
Peter was a very sad puppy.
Peter had been inside of the pet store for a very long time.
Peter had been inside of the pet store for three months.
Peter had seen many other puppies find a person.
Peter began to wonder why he could not get a person.
Peter thought that maybe his fur was not pretty enough.
Peter thought that maybe his bark was not loud enough.
Peter tried to please every person who came to the store.
Every person who came to the store picked smaller puppies.
One day, all of this changed.
Sammie came into the store looking for a golden puppy.
Sammie wanted a puppy she could snuggle with.
Peter was very sad and tired that day.
Sammie came to hold Peter.
Peter wanted to show off his bark.
Peter was too tired to show off his bark.
Peter fell right to sleep.
Sammie loved Peter at once.
Sammie loved holding Peter in her arms.
Sammie took Peter home that day.
Sammie and Peter made lots of fun memories.
The movie CJ7 is a wonderful movie made in China.
CJ7 was released in January 2008.
The movie is about a poor man named Ti.
Ti has a son named Dicky.
Ti and Dicky have an alien dog named CJ7.
Dicky is a 10-year-old boy.
Dicky lives a poor life with his father Ti.
Ti is a worker.
One day, Ti finds a ball in the trash.
Ti gives the ball to Dicky.
The ball becomes a cute alien dog.
CJ7 is a small dog with big eyes and green hair.
CJ7 can talk and do magic.
CJ7 comes to love Ti and Dicky.
CJ7 goes to school with Dicky.
CJ7 makes Dicky laugh.
CJ7 also makes trouble.
When Ti falls off a building, Ti dies.
CJ7 saves Ti's life.
Because CJ7 loses all its power, CJ7 becomes a doll.
Dicky still wears the doll around his neck.
Dicky hopes that CJ7 will come back to life one day.
For Heather Neroy, the process of saving interesting arts-and-crafts projects or recipes from the Internet used to be tedious.
Whenever Heather Neroy came across an interesting arts-and-crafts project or recipe on the Internet, she would save it for later by copying the link.
Heather Neroy would paste the link into an e-mail and send it to herself.
After that, Heather Neroy would file the e-mail in a folder for future reference.
The system that Heather Neroy used was not exactly the most efficient.
Last year, during one of her browsing sessions, Heather Neroy read a blog post that gushed about a new website called Pinterest.
Pinterest is a virtual pinboard where users can pin and organize images onto individual boards.
Pinterest did not pique Heather Neroy's interest at first.
Heather Neroy quickly changed her mind about Pinterest.
Someone described Pinterest as an online filing system.
Heather Neroy thought, 'That's exactly what I need' after hearing the description of Pinterest.
Soon, Heather Neroy was pinning away on Pinterest.
Like many Pinterest users, Heather Neroy got quickly hooked on the platform.
Heather Neroy first started with a Halloween board where she pinned costume ideas.
Next, Heather Neroy created a shared color board for redecorating her daughter's bedroom.
Heather Neroy and her husband could add to the shared color board.
Pinterest allows other users to follow each other's boards.
Pinterest allows users to 're-pin' another person's images.
In no time, Heather Neroy was sharing other people's pins.
Heather Neroy was following users with similar tastes.
Heather Neroy found it neat to see what other moms are pinning.
Some days, Heather Neroy runs out of ideas and does not know what to do to fill the time before bedtime.
Heather Neroy thought Pinterest was going to be just her organizing.
Pinterest is really a community sharing all these different ideas that Heather Neroy did not even know existed.
On the third day after his arrival at the camp, Archie received orders to prepare to start with the hound.
Archie was to start with the earl and a large party of men-at-arms.
The purpose of the journey was in search of Bruce.
A traitor had just come in and told the party where Bruce had slept the night before.
Archie reluctantly unfastened the chain from the pole.
Archie held the end of the chain in his hand.
Archie went round with Hector to the front of the pavilion.
Archie was resolved that if under Hector's guidance the party came close up with Bruce, he would kill Hector.
Archie planned to try to escape by fleetness of foot after killing Hector.
Archie had but slight hope of escaping by fleetness of foot due to the many mounted men in the party.
Led by the peasant, the party proceeded to the hut.
The hut was five miles away in the hills.
Upon reaching the hut, Hector at once became greatly excited.
Hector sniffed here and there around the cottage.
Hector eagerly hunted up and down the cottage.
Hector made a circuit round the cottage.
Hector started off with a loud deep bay, pulling hard at the chain.
Archie had difficulty in keeping up with Hector.
Pembroke and his knights rode a little behind Archie and Hector.
Pembroke and his knights were followed by their men-at-arms.
Archie requested Sir Earl Pembroke to keep not too close to his traces.
Archie explained that the sound of the horse's hoofs and the jingling of the equipments made Hector all the more impatient to get forward.
Archie stated that it taxed all his strength to hold Hector in.
Paraguay installed new top military commanders.
Fernando Lugo is the President of Paraguay.
Fernando Lugo ordered the change in leadership.
Fernando Lugo was not present for the ceremony.
Fernando Lugo's absence on Thursday morning attracted attention.
Fernando Lugo's administration remained silent on the sudden change in the leadership of the country's army, air force, and navy.
Fernando Lugo's decision to replace the top brass came a day after he publicly dismissed rumors about a military coup.
Brig. Gen. Bartolome Ramon Pineda Ortiz was named as the new army commander.
Brig. Gen. Hugo Gilberto Aranda Chamorro took over the top post at the air force.
Rear Adm. Egberto Emerito Orie Benegas took over the top post at the navy.
The announcement of the new military commanders came from the armed forces.
The announcement did not come from the president's office.
Cibar Benitez is the commander of the armed forces.
Cibar Benitez was the only top leader to retain his post.
Cibar Benitez stated that other changes would be forthcoming in the lower ranks.
Cibar Benitez denied there was any truth to talk of a coup.
Paraguay's history is filled with unstable transitions of power since it emerged from dictatorship in 1989.
There hasn't been a coup in Paraguay since 1989.
There were attempted coups in Paraguay in 1996 and 2000.
President Raul Cubas resigned amid controversy in 1999.
The military shakeup is the third since Fernando Lugo took office.
Fernando Lugo was elected to a five-year term last year.
Fernando Lugo's victory brought an end to six decades of one-party rule in Paraguay.
Fernando Lugo's honeymoon period did not last long.
In April, Fernando Lugo admitted that he fathered a child while he was still a priest.
Fernando Lugo admitted that he may have fathered more children.
The revelation about Fernando Lugo's fatherhood came as a shock to most.
The revelation about Fernando Lugo hurt his political image.
Calls for Fernando Lugo's resignation began after the revelation.
Calls for Fernando Lugo's resignation have continued as he has struggled to push reforms through a majority-opposition legislature.
A woman went shopping for a dress to wear to her party.
The woman asked her parents to come along.
The woman's dad was busy.
The woman's mom joined her.
The woman's mom brought a pear to eat later on as a snack.
The woman and her mom went to the first store.
The woman tried on a dress at the first store.
The dress cut off right at the knee.
The woman liked the dress so much that she bought it.
When the woman and her mom went back to their car, they saw a bug had splashed on the woman's window.
The woman and her mom thought nothing of the bug on the window.
The woman and her mom wanted to go eat breakfast since it was nine in the morning.
Instead, the restaurant was cooking peas.
The woman's mom asked the cashier why the restaurant was cooking peas.
The cashier said the restaurant was cooking peas because it was opposite day.
The woman and her mom wanted to eat the peas.
The woman and her mom bought steaks as well.
The woman and her mom were liking the peas and steak so much.
After eating, the woman and her mom got a vanilla milkshake.
The woman and her mom went to more stores to shop for fun.
Buckinghamshire is a county in South East England.
Buckinghamshire is abbreviated as Bucks.
Buckinghamshire borders Greater London to the south east.
Buckinghamshire borders Berkshire to the south.
Buckinghamshire borders Oxfordshire to the west.
Buckinghamshire borders Northamptonshire to the north.
Buckinghamshire borders Bedfordshire to the north east.
Buckinghamshire borders Hertfordshire to the east.
Buckinghamshire is one of the home counties.
High Wycombe is a town in Buckinghamshire.
Amersham is a town in Buckinghamshire.
Chesham is a town in Buckinghamshire.
The Chalfonts is a town in Buckinghamshire.
High Wycombe, Amersham, Chesham, and the Chalfonts are located in the east and southeast of Buckinghamshire.
High Wycombe, Amersham, Chesham, and the Chalfonts are parts of the London commuter belt.
High Wycombe, Amersham, Chesham, and the Chalfonts form some of the most densely-populated parts of Buckinghamshire.
Development in the region of High Wycombe, Amersham, Chesham, and the Chalfonts is restricted by the Metropolitan Green Belt.
Aylesbury is the county town of Buckinghamshire.
Marlow is a large settlement in the south of Buckinghamshire near the Thames.
Princes Risborough is a large settlement in the west of Buckinghamshire near Oxford.
Some areas without direct rail links to London are located around the old county town of Buckingham.
Some areas without direct rail links to London are located near Olney in the northeast of Buckinghamshire.
The areas around the old county town of Buckingham and near Olney in the northeast are much less populous.
Milton Keynes is the largest town in Buckinghamshire.
Milton Keynes is located in the northeast of Buckinghamshire.
Milton Keynes and the surrounding area are administered as a unitary authority separately from the rest of Buckinghamshire.
The remainder of Buckinghamshire is administered by Buckinghamshire County Council as a non-metropolitan county.
The remainder of Buckinghamshire is administered by four district councils.
In national elections, Buckinghamshire is considered a reliable supporter of the Conservative Party.
When Pierre left Philip in order to look after the horses, Philip continued his meal.
There could be no hurry for Philip, because Nevers was twelve miles away.
It would be four hours, at least, before a party could arrive.
The landlady herself brought in the next course.
After placing the dish upon the table, the landlady stood looking earnestly at Philip for a minute.
The landlady then said to Philip, 'You spoke of stopping here tonight, sir.'
The landlady informed Philip that the accommodation is very poor.
The landlady advised Philip to ride farther.
The landlady mentioned that there had been some men along here that afternoon.
The men were inquiring for a party like Philip's.
The men were offering a reward to any who would carry the news to them, should Philip pass through.
The landlady expressed her belief that the men's intentions were not friendly.
Philip thanked the landlady very much for her counsel.
Philip stated that he would take the landlady's advice.
Philip acknowledged that there are some who would gladly hinder him in his journey.
Philip recognized that if there is a risk of the men coming here for him, it would be best that he rode farther.
Philip expressed that he would have gladly given his horses a night's rest.
Philip thanked the landlady warmly for having warned him.
The landlady requested Philip not to let her husband know that she had spoken to him.
The landlady described her husband as an honest man, but timid.
The landlady stated that in these days it is safest not to meddle with what does not concern one.
Philip waited for two hours.
Philip then told Pierre to saddle the horses.
Philip instructed Pierre to tell the landlord that he wished to speak to him.
Wiltshire is a county in South West England.
Wiltshire has an area that is not specified.
Wiltshire is landlocked.
Wiltshire borders the counties of Dorset, Somerset, Hampshire, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire, and Berkshire.
The county town of Wiltshire was originally Wilton.
Wiltshire is named after the county town of Wilton.
Wiltshire Council is now based in the county town of Trowbridge.
Wiltshire is characterised by its high downland and wide valleys.
Salisbury Plain is noted for being the location of the Stonehenge and Avebury stone circles.
Salisbury Plain is noted for being the location of other ancient landmarks.
Salisbury Plain is noted as a training area for the British Army.
The city of Salisbury is notable for its mediaeval cathedral.
Important country houses open to the public in Wiltshire include Longleat.
Longleat is located near Warminster.
Important country houses open to the public in Wiltshire include the National Trust's Stourhead.
Stourhead is located near Mere.
The name Wiltshire was written as 'Wiltunscir' in the 9th century.
The name Wiltshire was later written as 'Wiltonshire'.
Wiltshire is named after the former county town of Wilton.
Wiltshire is notable for its pre-Roman archaeology.
The Mesolithic, Neolithic, and Bronze Age people occupied southern Britain.
The Mesolithic, Neolithic, and Bronze Age people built settlements on the hills and downland that cover Wiltshire.
Stonehenge and Avebury are perhaps the most famous Neolithic sites in the UK.
In the 6th and 7th centuries, Wiltshire was at the western edge of Saxon Britain.
Cranborne Chase and the Somerset Levels prevented the advance to the west.
The Battle of Bedwyn was fought in 675.
The Battle of Bedwyn was fought between Escuin and King Wulfhere of Mercia.
Escuin was a West Saxon nobleman who had seized the throne of Queen Saxburga.
In 878, the Danes invaded Wiltshire.
Following the Norman Conquest, large areas of Wiltshire came into the possession of the crown and the church.
Marsha loves playing with her noodle friend.
Marsha has had her noodle friend for a long time.
Marsha's noodle friend is now a dark brown color.
When Marsha's mom first made the noodle friend, it was white.
The night Marsha met her noodle friend was spaghetti night.
Marsha's favorite dinner is spaghetti.
Marsha's favorite dinner happens to be every Tuesday night.
On one Tuesday, a piece of spaghetti fell on the kitchen floor.
To Marsha, the piece of spaghetti looked like a stick man.
Marsha kept the piece of spaghetti that looked like a stick man.
Marsha named her new noodle friend Joey.
Marsha takes Joey everywhere she goes.
Sometimes Joey gets a little dried out.
Marsha's mom told her to soak Joey in water every few days.
There have been a couple of times that the family dog, Mika, has tried to take Joey from Marsha.
Mika has tried to eat Joey.
Marsha takes extra special care to make sure Joey is safe and sound at all times.
During the day, Marsha keeps Joey in a plastic bag in her pocket.
At night, Marsha puts Joey under her pillow.
Marsha loves Joey.
Marsha wants to always be friends with Joey.
Anne Woodford began to wake from the constant thought of the grief and horror she had left at Portchester.
Anne Woodford began to feel more alive to her surroundings.
Anne Woodford felt less as if her surroundings were a kind of dream.
One thing impressed itself on Anne Woodford gradually, and that was disappointment.
The previous shock had blunted all of Anne Woodford's hopes and aspirations.
Anne Woodford could not help realizing that she had put herself into an inferior position.
There did not seem to be the promotion that Anne Woodford had once anticipated.
Anne Woodford's companion rockers were of an inferior grade to herself.
Jane Humphreys was a harmless but silly girl.
Jane Humphreys was not much wiser than poor little Madam.
Jane Humphreys was less spoilt than poor little Madam.
Jane Humphreys was full of Cockney vulgarities.
Education was unfashionable at that time.
Hester Bridgeman was better born and bred than Jane Humphreys.
Hester Bridgeman was the daughter of an attorney in the city.
Hester Bridgeman was not much better instructed than Jane Humphreys.
Hester Bridgeman had no pursuits except that of her own advantage.
Pauline Dunord was by far the best of the three companions.
Pauline Dunord seemed to live a life apart.
Pauline Dunord took very little interest in her companions.
Pauline Dunord took very little interest in anything around her except her devotions.
Pauline Dunord took very little interest in bringing her companions over to her Church.
The nursery was quite a separate establishment.
There was no mingling with the guests of royalty.
The guests of royalty were only seen in excited peeps from the window.
The guests of royalty were only seen when solemnly introduced to the presence chamber to pay their respects to the Prince.
The only secular book that Anne Woodford saw while at Whitehall was an odd volume of Parthenissa.
The late King's summary of the Roman controversy was to be had in plenty.
It was evident that the only road to favour or promotion was in being convinced by the late King's summary of the Roman controversy.
Sam asked Tom what he did to William Philander.
Tom answered that he put an advertisement of pills on William Philander's back and some other ads in his textbooks.
Tom commented that William Philander looks mad.
Stanley agreed with Tom's observation about William Philander's mood.
William Philander was approaching with long strides.
William Philander held the poster that Tom had fastened on his back in one hand.
William Philander was shaking his other fist wrathfully.
William Philander gasped that Tom Rover insulted him.
William Philander stated that Tom Rover humiliated him before the whole class.
William Philander was so full of wrath that he could not speak.
Tom suggested that William Philander take a cough drop and clear his throat.
Tom advised William Philander not to get so excited, as he might drop dead from heart disease.
William Philander stormed at Tom, asking how he dared to put the advertisement of Gumley's Red Pills on his back.
Spud quoted from the poster, stating 'Gumley's Red Pills for Red-Blooded People.'
Spud remarked that the pills are fine and asked William Philander if he ever took them.
William Philander replied that he has not taken any and does not want to.
Spud continued that if William Philander hasn't taken any of Gumley's pills, he doesn't know what he has missed.
Spud shared a story about a man in Rottenberg who was flat on his back with half a dozen fatal diseases.
The doctors gave the man just three days to live.
The man's wife nearly cried her eyes out.
Gumley arrived with a trunk full of his Red Pills for Red-Blooded People.
Gumley took a chance and gave the dying man sixteen pills.
The man took four pills after breakfast, four after dinner, four after supper, and four on retiring.
The next day, the man got up and went to work.
The man has been at his job ever since.
Brendan loves cats.
Brendan owns 8 cats.
Brendan has 7 girl cats.
Brendan has only 1 boy cat.
Brendan brushes the cats' hair every day.
Brendan makes sure to feed the cats every morning.
Brendan makes sure to feed the cats every evening.
Brendan always checks to see if the cats have water.
Brendan sometimes feeds the cats special treats.
Brendan loves the cats.
Each cat gets 3 treats.
Brendan doesn't give the cats food like chips.
Brendan doesn't give the cats food like cake.
Brendan doesn't give the cats food like candy.
Chips, cake, and candy aren't good for cats.
Brendan likes to play with the cats.
The cats like to chase balls of paper.
Brendan makes balls of paper for the cats.
Some of Brendan's cats have orange fur.
Some of Brendan's cats have black fur.
Some of Brendan's cats are spotted.
One of Brendan's cats is white.
The white cat is Brendan's favorite.
The white cat is the first cat Brendan owned.
The name of the white cat is Snowball.
When Brendan first got Snowball, she was a kitten.
Brendan's other cats are named Fluffy, Salem, Jackie, Cola, Snickers, Pumpkin, and Whiskers.
Arthur remained at the gate.
Ruth climbed Maria's front steps.
Ruth heard the rapid click of the typewriter.
Martin let Ruth in.
Martin was on the last page of a manuscript.
Ruth had come to make certain whether or not Martin would be at their table for Thanksgiving dinner.
Before Ruth could broach the subject of Thanksgiving dinner, Martin plunged into the subject he was full of.
Martin asked Ruth to let him read his latest work.
Martin separated the carbon copies.
Martin ran the pages of manuscript into shape.
Martin's latest work is different from anything he has done before.
Martin is almost afraid of his latest work.
Martin has a sneaking idea that his latest work is good.
Martin's latest work is an Hawaiian story.
Martin has called his latest work 'Wiki-wiki'.
Martin's face was bright with the creative glow.
Ruth shivered in the cold room.
Ruth had been struck by the coldness of Martin's hands at greeting.
Ruth listened closely while Martin read.
Martin had seen disapprobation in Ruth's face from time to time.
At the close of the reading, Martin asked Ruth what she thought of it.
Ruth answered that she did not know what she thought.
Ruth asked Martin if he thought his work would sell.
Martin confessed that he was afraid his work would not sell.
Martin stated that his work is too strong for the magazines.
Martin assured Ruth that his work is true.
Ruth questioned Martin about why he persists in writing such things when he knows they won't sell.
Ruth stated that the reason for Martin's writing is to make a living.
Formula One star Fernando Alonso returned to work at McLaren on Wednesday.
Fernando Alonso experienced a freak accident in winter testing.
The Spanish double world champion was ruled out of the opening race in Australia by doctors.
Doctors were treating Fernando Alonso for the effects of a high speed crash.
Fernando Alonso has been training hard for his planned comeback at the Malaysian Grand Prix in nine days' time.
Fernando Alonso used the McLaren simulator to hone his mental preparations.
The CNN-sponsored team announced the news on Twitter.
The Twitter announcement showed McLaren sporting director Eric Boullier and Fernando Alonso at the team's headquarters in Woking, England.
Fernando Alonso was concussed after losing control of his McLaren at the penultimate winter test at Barcelona's Circuit de Catalunya on February 22.
Fernando Alonso was airlifted to hospital after the accident.
Fernando Alonso watched the Melbourne race from his home in Dubai.
Doctors indicated that returning to racing three weeks after a high impact was too risky for Fernando Alonso.
McLaren explained that Fernando Alonso's accident was caused by the unpredictably gusty winds at that part of the circuit at that time.
After getting back to race preparation in the simulator, McLaren tweeted that it had been a good day for Fernando Alonso.
McLaren stated that Fernando Alonso was focusing on operational work and practicing qualifying and race procedures.
The media enjoyed a guessing game in Australia about how Fernando Alonso might have reacted to events in Melbourne.
Lewis Hamilton and his mighty Mercedes dominated the Melbourne race.
Fernando Alonso's McLaren teammate Jenson Button finished in last place in the Melbourne race.
Dane Kevin Magnussen was deputizing for the recuperating Spaniard, Fernando Alonso.
Dane Kevin Magnussen was unable to start the race because of engine problems on his way to the starting grid.
The particular circle of society in which Ben and Johnny moved was shaken to its very centre by the news.
The news was whispered from one person to another on the day after Ben, Johnny, and Paul had taken up their abode at Mrs. Green's.
Early that morning, the most exciting topic of conversation had been Master Spry's misfortune.
Early that morning, the most exciting topic of conversation had been Tim Dooley's perfidy.
The news spread that Ben and Johnny were no longer proud of their neat little bit of real estate.
The change made by Ben and Johnny would probably be the means of their financial ruin.
Ben and Johnny had been extravagant by engaging rooms at a regular boarding-house.
Ben and Johnny were to spend their substance on three square meals each day.
The price which Ben and Johnny were to pay for board was stated at various sums from five to ten dollars per week.
Jimmy Sullivan stated that Johnny himself had told him that Ben and Johnny were to start a regular theatre.
Several others supported Jimmy Sullivan's statement as the time wore on.
Ben and Johnny had already engaged a hall for the theatre.
The hall would be converted into a first-class place of amusement as soon as possible.
The rumor about Ben and Johnny starting a theatre would have been regarded simply as a rumor started for the purpose of injuring their credit.
The rumor must therefore be true because it came so directly from one of the parties concerned.
Ryan loves to play basketball.
Adam loves to play basketball.
Ryan and Adam like basketball better than soccer.
Ryan and Adam like basketball better than baseball.
Jared is their other friend.
Jared has his own basketball hoop.
Jared got the basketball hoop for his ninth birthday.
Ryan got a football for his birthday.
Adam got a skateboard for his birthday.
Ryan and Adam like their presents.
Ryan and Adam think the basketball hoop is better than their presents.
Ryan, Adam, and Jared play basketball at Jared's house.
Ryan, Adam, and Jared play basketball with any other kids who show up.
Alex comes almost every day.
Brady comes almost every day.
Josh comes sometimes.
Ty comes sometimes.
Max comes sometimes.
Next year, Ryan, Adam, Jared, Alex, Brady, Josh, Ty, and Max get to play on a basketball team.
Ryan, Adam, Jared, Alex, Brady, Josh, Ty, and Max get to play at their school.
Ryan, Adam, Jared, Alex, Brady, Josh, Ty, and Max are very excited about playing on a real team.
Ryan, Adam, Jared, Alex, Brady, Josh, Ty, and Max can't wait to play on a real team.
Ryan, Adam, Jared, Alex, Brady, Josh, Ty, and Max are practicing a lot.
Ryan, Adam, Jared, Alex, Brady, Josh, Ty, and Max are trying to get really good.
Ryan, Adam, Jared, Alex, Brady, Josh, Ty, and Max play basketball every day they can.
Ryan, Adam, Jared, Alex, Brady, Josh, Ty, and Max are trying to be as good as the NBA players they watch on TV.
Ryan, Adam, Jared, Alex, Brady, Josh, Ty, and Max dream of someday playing in the NBA.
Ryan, Adam, Jared, Alex, Brady, Josh, Ty, and Max are sure they are going to play in the NBA.
Sean the dragon liked the color green.
Sean the dragon didn't like golden coins.
Golden coins were too yellow for Sean the dragon.
Every day, Sean the dragon would go out and find green things to cover his bed of old treasure.
Sean the dragon would put grass, clovers, leaves, and vines all over his cave.
The other dragons were worried about Sean the dragon.
When dragons breathe fire, it is not a good idea to sleep around a lot of plants.
The other dragons were afraid Sean the dragon might get hurt.
Sean the dragon didn't think he would get hurt.
Sean the dragon's bed never stayed green.
Sean the dragon was getting tired of doing nothing but making his bed.
One day, Sean the dragon went to visit his friend Zarah.
Sean the dragon saw a piece of green in a golden necklace.
Sean the dragon asked Zarah, 'What's that?'
Zarah told Sean the dragon, 'That's a green stone.'
Zarah said, 'Sometimes my treasures have them.'
Zarah didn't really like green stones.
Zarah thought green stones were too green.
Zarah liked yellow things.
Sean the dragon asked Zarah, 'If I bring you yellow things, can I have it?'
Zarah said, 'Yes you can.'
Zarah added, 'But it has to be treasure, or things that won't catch fire.'
Sean the dragon went to find treasure.
When Sean the dragon was gone, Zarah told the other dragons.
The other dragons said they would trade all their green treasure to Sean the dragon.
The other dragons wanted Sean the dragon to have a safe dragon bed in his cave.
Soon, Sean the dragon had more than enough green stones to cover his bed.
Green stones never got old and brown.
Green stones don't catch fire either.
Now everyone was happy.
Wingate invited Miss Baldwin to throw her coat down anywhere.
Wingate ushered Miss Baldwin into his rooms soon after eleven o'clock on the following evening.
Wingate asked Miss Baldwin what he could give her.
Wingate mentioned that there were some sandwiches, specifically ham and pt-de-foie-gras.
Wingate offered whisky and soda or some hock to Miss Baldwin.
Sarah replied that she would like a pt sandwich and some plain soda water.
Sarah took off the long motoring coat which concealed her evening clothes.
Sarah mentioned that she had been fined for everything except disorderly driving.
Sarah expressed that she did not dare to risk being fined for disorderly driving.
Sarah thanked Wingate for the sandwiches.
Sarah commented on the sandwiches being 'ripping'.
Sarah remarked that the play was quite good.
Wingate expressed that he was glad Sarah enjoyed the play.
Sarah expressed disappointment that Josephine did not turn up.
Sarah speculated that Josephine's absence was due to domestic ructions.
Sarah expressed her hatred for Josephine's husband.
Wingate admitted that it was disappointing that Josephine did not attend.
There was a brief pause during which Sarah finished her sandwiches.
Sarah lit a cigarette after finishing her sandwiches.
Wingate remarked that Wilshaw seems to be having a little trouble with the outside porter.
Sarah sighed and mentioned that it must cost Wilshaw at least half a sovereign every time she leaves the cab.
Wingate inquired how much Sarah makes a week out of her driving, if it wasn't too personal a question.
Sarah replied that her earnings depend upon how much Jimmy has.
Wingate asked if Jimmy was Sarah's only client.
Sarah stated that Jimmy very seldom gives her a chance of another client.
Sarah mentioned that she has refused to be engaged by the day once or twice.
Sarah noted that Jimmy sends his man around to the garage.
Sarah found Jimmy's man sitting in the cab when she arrived.
Pope Benedict XVI was born Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger on 16 April 1927.
Pope Benedict XVI served as Pope from 2005 until his resignation in 2013.
Benedict's election occurred in the 2005 papal conclave that followed the death of Pope John Paul II.
Since his resignation, Pope Benedict XVI holds the title Pope Emeritus.
Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger was ordained as a priest in 1951 in Bavaria.
Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger established himself as a highly regarded university theologian by the late 1950s.
Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger was appointed a full professor in 1958.
Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger had a long career as an academic and professor of theology at several German universities.
Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger was appointed Archbishop of Munich and Freising by Pope Paul VI in 1977.
Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger was appointed Cardinal by Pope Paul VI in 1977.
The promotion of Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger to Archbishop and Cardinal was unusual for someone with little pastoral experience.
In 1981, Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger was appointed Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith.
The Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith is one of the most important dicasteries of the Roman Curia.
From 2002 until his election as Pope, Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger was also Dean of the College of Cardinals.
Prior to becoming Pope, Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger was a major figure on the Vatican stage for a quarter of a century.
Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger had an influence second to none when it came to setting church priorities and directions.
Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger was one of Pope John Paul II's closest confidants.
Ben questioned his father about Wilbur Poole.
Ben's father met Wilbur Poole years ago at Aaron Poole's home.
Wilbur Poole was in his right mind when Ben's father met him.
Ben's father feels pity for Wilbur Poole.
Dave answered that they all pity Wilbur Poole.
Dave stated that nobody can be responsible after a person's mind breaks down.
Laura expressed that she feels sorry for Nat Poole and his family.
Laura mentioned that Wilbur Poole's situation will give Nat Poole and his family a great deal of trouble.
Laura noted that Wilbur Poole's situation will also involve expense.
Roger suggested that if Wilbur Poole was anywhere around Rayville, it might pay to start a hunt for him.
Mr. Basswood responded that he does not think they will find Wilbur Poole anywhere around there.
Mr. Basswood stated that it won't hurt to take a look around if the boys care to take a walk.
Ben's father went off to send a telegram to Aaron Poole.
All the boys set off on a hunt for the wild man.
The boys covered the streets of the village and some of the roads on the outskirts.
The boys were unsuccessful in their search for Wilbur Poole.
The boys met three people who had talked to the strange individual.
From what had passed, Dave and his friends were sure that the man must have been Wilbur Poole.
Phil stated that they would have to give up the search.
Phil mentioned that it was getting late and he was tired out.
Phil reminded the fellows that they have a hard ride before them the next day.
Phil noted that they need to reach Carpen Falls in time to hit the trail for Bear Camp before it gets dark.
A thorough understanding of adolescence in society depends on information from various perspectives.
The various perspectives include psychology, biology, history, sociology, education, and anthropology.
Adolescence is viewed as a transitional period between childhood and adulthood.
The cultural purpose of adolescence is the preparation of children for adult roles.
Adolescence is a period of multiple transitions.
The transitions during adolescence involve education.
The transitions during adolescence involve training.
The transitions during adolescence involve employment.
The transitions during adolescence involve unemployment.
The transitions during adolescence involve transitions from one living circumstance to another.
Puberty occurs through a long process.
Puberty begins with a surge in hormone production.
The surge in hormone production causes a number of physical changes.
Puberty is the stage of life characterized by the appearance and development of secondary sex characteristics.
Secondary sex characteristics in boys include a deeper voice and larger adam's apple.
Secondary sex characteristics in girls include the development of breasts and more curved and prominent hips.
Puberty involves a strong shift in hormonal balance towards an adult state.
The pituitary gland triggers puberty.
The pituitary gland secretes a surge of hormonal agents into the blood stream.
The surge of hormonal agents initiates a chain reaction.
The male and female gonads are subsequently activated during puberty.
The activation of the gonads puts them into a state of rapid growth and development.
The triggered gonads commence the mass production of the necessary chemicals.
The testes primarily release testosterone.
The ovaries predominantly dispense estrogen.
The production of testosterone and estrogen increases gradually until sexual maturation is met.
Some boys may develop gynecomastia due to an imbalance of sex hormones.
Gynecomastia may also occur due to tissue responsiveness or obesity.
Both Paul Winthrop and Chet Winthrop were deeply interested in the words uttered by Jeff Jones.
Jeff Jones was a colored member of the horse thieves' gang.
Chet Winthrop cried out excitedly about Captain Grady and Barnaby Winthrop.
Chet Winthrop asked Jeff Jones what he knew.
Jeff Jones replied that it was for Paul Winthrop and Chet Winthrop to find out unless they let him go.
Paul Winthrop asked Jeff Jones if he meant he would not speak unless they granted him his liberty.
Jeff Jones confirmed that was the way to figure it.
Paul Winthrop looked at Chet Winthrop inquiringly.
Chet Winthrop stated that they could not promise anything until Mr. Dottery got back.
Chet Winthrop warned Jeff Jones that if he knew anything about their uncle, he had better speak out.
Chet Winthrop indicated that they would not do anything for Jeff Jones unless he spoke.
Jeff Jones growled that he would not say a word.
Chet Winthrop bit his lip in vexation.
Paul Winthrop asked Jeff Jones if he knew what it was to have them able to speak a word for him.
Paul Winthrop suggested that they could let Jack Blowfen take Jeff Jones to the next camp and tell the men that Jeff Jones was a downright horse thief.
Paul Winthrop implied that Jeff Jones would be lynched inside the hour if that happened.
In that section of the country, at that time, horse stealing was considered almost as bad as murder.
Jeff Jones began to tremble at the thought of being taken to the Fork.
Jeff Jones howled that he did not want to be taken to the Fork.
Paul Winthrop returned to Jeff Jones that he had better talk.
Jeff Jones stated that he did not know much but would tell Paul Winthrop and Chet Winthrop all he knew.
Jeff Jones requested that Paul Winthrop and Chet Winthrop do the best they could for him and promised him that.
The Federal City of Bonn is a city on the banks of the Rhine.
Bonn is located in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Bonn has a population of over 300,000.
Bonn is located about south-southeast of Cologne.
Bonn is in the southernmost part of the Rhine-Ruhr region.
The Rhine-Ruhr region is Germany's largest metropolitan area.
The Rhine-Ruhr region has over 11 million inhabitants.
Together with the capital Berlin, Bonn is the de facto joint seat of government of Germany.
Bonn is the secondary seat of the President of Germany.
Bonn is the secondary seat of the Chancellor of Germany.
Bonn is the secondary seat of the Bundesrat.
Bonn is the primary seat of six federal government ministries.
Bonn is the primary seat of twenty federal authorities.
The title of Federal City reflects Bonn's important political status within Germany.
Bonn was founded in the 1st century BC as a Roman settlement.
Bonn is one of Germany's oldest cities.
From 1597 to 1794, Bonn was the capital of the Electorate of Cologne.
Bonn was the residence of the Archbishops of Cologne.
Bonn was the residence of the Prince-electors of Cologne.
Composer Ludwig van Beethoven was born in Bonn in 1770.
From 1949 to 1990, Bonn was the provisional capital of West Germany.
Bonn was the temporary seat of the Federal institutions of West Germany.
Germany's present constitution, the Basic Law, was declared in Bonn in 1949.
From 1990 to 1999, Bonn served as the seat of government of reunited Germany.
Bonn was no longer the capital of reunited Germany after 1990.
Fanfulla cried, 'Armed men, my lords!'
Fanfulla's cry indicated that they were betrayed.
The men looked at one another with stern eyes.
The men exhibited a grimness that replaced fear.
Aquila rose slowly to his feet.
The others rose with Aquila.
The men looked to their weapons.
Aquila softly breathed the name 'Masuccio Torri.'
Lodi cried bitterly, 'Aye, would that we had heeded your warning!'
Lodi stated that Masuccio would be coming with his fifty mercenaries.
Ferrabraccio stated that there would be not less than fifty mercenaries by the sound of them.
Ferrabraccio noted that they were only six men, without their harness.
The Count laconically amended the number to seven.
The Count resumed his hat.
The Count loosened his sword in its scabbard.
Lodi exclaimed, 'Not so, my lord,' while laying a hand upon the Count's arm.
Lodi insisted that the Count must not stay with them.
Lodi stated that the Count was their only hope.
Lodi stated that the Count was the only hope of Babbiano.
Lodi expressed uncertainty about the means of betrayal.
Lodi stated that if they were indeed betrayed, it was known that six traitors met to conspire against the throne of Gian Maria.
Lodi swore that it was not known that the Count was to have met them.
Lodi stated that His Highness may conjecture, but he cannot know for sure.
Lodi urged the Count to escape.
Lodi reminded the Count of his promise to seek the gonfalon from his cousin.
Lodi wished for God and His blessed Saints to prosper the Count's Excellency.
The old man caught the young man's hand.
The old man bent his head until his face was hidden in his long white hair.
The old man imprinted a kiss of fealty upon the young man's hand.
Aquila was not so easily to be dismissed.
A grey dimness was creeping in upon the schooner.
A little bitter breeze sprang up from westwards.
Dampier bade the crew to get the mainsail on to the schooner.
Dampier expressed concern about the look of the weather.
Dampier stated that he would like to see the boat.
Dampier decided that they would get way on the schooner.
It was a relief to hoist the mainsail.
The work of hoisting the mainsail put a little warmth into the crew.
The white men had been conscious of a growing uneasiness about their comrades in the boat.
The breeze had freshened before they set the mainsail.
There were white caps on the water when the _Selache_ headed for the ice.
The formation of the ice had somewhat changed when they approached it.
Big masses of ice had become detached and were moving out into the open water.
The opening in the ice had become perceptibly narrower.
The light was fading rapidly.
Wyllard took the wheel when Dampier sent the man there forward.
Dampier instructed the man to get the cover off the second boat.
Dampier instructed the man to see everything clear for hoisting out the second boat.
Dampier called to Wyllard to inform him that they were close enough.
Dampier advised Wyllard to heave the schooner round.
The schooner came round with a thrashing of canvas.
The schooner stretched out seawards.
The schooner came back again with her deck sharply slanted.
Little puffs of bitter spray were blowing over the weather rail of the schooner.
There was no doubt that the breeze was freshening fast.
Dampier sent a man up into the foremast shrouds.
Dampier looked at Wyllard afterwards.
Multimedia is content that uses a combination of different content forms.
Different content forms include text, audio, images, animations, video, and interactive content.
Multimedia contrasts with media that use only rudimentary computer displays.
Rudimentary computer displays include text-only or traditional forms of printed or hand-produced material.
Multimedia can be recorded and played.
Multimedia can be displayed.
Multimedia can be interacted with.
Multimedia can be accessed by information content processing devices.
Information content processing devices include computerized and electronic devices.
Multimedia can also be part of a live performance.
Multimedia devices are electronic media devices used to store and experience multimedia content.
Multimedia is distinguished from mixed media in fine art.
Including audio gives multimedia a broader scope.
The term 'rich media' is synonymous with interactive multimedia.
The term 'multimedia' was coined by singer and artist Bob Goldstein.
Bob Goldstein later became known as Bobb Goldsteinn.
Bob Goldstein coined the term to promote the July 1966 opening of his 'LightWorks at L'Oursin' show.
The 'LightWorks at L'Oursin' show took place at Southampton, Long Island.
Bob Goldstein was perhaps aware of an American artist named Dick Higgins.
Dick Higgins had discussed a new approach to art-making he called 'intermedia' two years prior.
On August 10, 1966, Richard Albarino of 'Variety' borrowed the terminology.
Richard Albarino reported that Bob Goldstein was the brainchild of the 'Lightworks'.
Richard Albarino described the 'Lightworks' as the latest 'multi-media' music-cum-visuals to debut as discothque fare.
In 1968, the term 'multimedia' was re-appropriated to describe the work of a political consultant named David Sawyer.
David Sawyer was the husband of Iris Sawyer.
Iris Sawyer was one of Bob Goldstein's producers at L'Oursin.
About a week after the dissolution of the Crooked Creek Company, Harry was riding over from Hetertown.
Harry had nearly reached the creek on his way home.
Harry met George Purvis.
This was Harry and George's first meeting since their fight.
George had been away on a visit to some relatives in Richmond.
When Harry saw George riding slowly toward him, Harry felt very much embarrassed.
Harry felt very much annoyed because Harry was embarrassed.
Harry wondered how he should meet George.
Harry wondered what he should say to George.
Harry wondered if he should say anything to George.
Harry did not want to appear anxious to 'make up' with George.
Harry did not want to seem as if he bore malice toward George.
Harry wished he knew how George felt about their situation.
Harry wished he had stopped somewhere on the road.
Harry had thought of stopping at the mill.
Harry wondered why he had not stopped at the mill.
Stopping at the mill would have given George time to pass.
Both Harry and George appeared to be riding as slowly as their horses would consent to go.
When Harry and George met, Harry had not half made up his mind what he would say.
Harry had not made up his mind how he should say what he would say.
Harry had not made up his mind whether it would be better or not to say anything.
Harry said, 'Hello, George!' quite unpremeditatedly.
George said, 'Hello!' while reining in his horse.
George asked Harry where Harry was going.
Harry said, 'Going home,' while also stopping in the road.
Thus the quarrel between Harry and George came to an end.
George asked Harry if Harry had sold the telegraph.
Harry confirmed that he had sold the telegraph.
Harry stated that he thought they made a pretty good bargain.
Harry did not think they would do so well when they started.
A team of British surgeons has carried out Gaza's first organ transplants.
The long-term plan is to train local medical staff to perform the operations.
Two patients underwent kidney transplants at the Shifa.
The Shifa is Gaza's biggest public hospital.
The operations were conducted a fortnight ago by a volunteer medical team from the Royal Liverpool hospital.
Ziad Matouk is 42 years old.
Ziad Matouk was born with one kidney.
Ziad Matouk was diagnosed with renal failure several years ago.
Ziad Matouk's wife donated one of her kidneys.
Ziad Matouk hopes to return to his job within six months.
Ziad Matouk and his wife sought a transplant in Cairo.
Ziad Matouk and his wife were rejected as unsuitable at a state hospital in Cairo.
Ziad Matouk and his wife could not afford the fee at a private hospital in Cairo.
Ziad Matouk stated, 'We were desperate.'
The UK-Gaza link-up began about a year ago.
Abdelkader Hammad is a doctor at the Royal Liverpool hospital.
Abdelkader Hammad was contacted by an anaesthetist at the Shifa.
The anaesthetist outlined the difficulties the Gaza hospital was facing with dialysis.
The Shifa is forced to rely on generators because of power cuts.
Spare parts for the Shifa's ageing dialysis machines have been difficult to import.
Supplies of consumables at the Shifa are often scarce.
Abdelkader Hammad and three colleagues from Liverpool arrived in Gaza via Egypt last month.
Abdelkader Hammad and his colleagues brought specialist equipment.
Two patients were selected for surgery.
The first patient, Mohammed Duhair, is 42 years old.
Mohammed Duhair received a kidney donated by his younger brother in a six-hour operation.
Two days later, Ziad Matouk received a transplant after his wife, Nadia, who is 36 years old, was found to be a good match.
The surgeon was carried out by the British team.
Doctors and nurses from the Shifa assisted the British team.
Sobbi Skaik is the head of surgery at the Gaza hospital.
Sobbi Skaik stated, 'We are very satisfied with the results.'
Sobbi Skaik hopes that Gaza medical teams will eventually carry out kidney transplants independently.
Sobbi Skaik hopes that other organ transplants may follow.
The Shifa is working with the Gaza ministry of health on a plan to train its doctors, surgeons, nursing staff, and laboratory technicians in transplant surgery at the Royal Liverpool.
Abdelkader Hammad stated, 'Funding is a problem.'
Abdelkader Hammad stated, 'In the meantime we'll go back as volunteers to Gaza for the next couple of years to do more transplants.'
The Liverpool team's next visit is scheduled for May.
The speaker asks what a person in trouble is going to do.
The speaker suggests possible actions such as crying or escaping.
The speaker states that crying or escaping are the wrong ways to respond to trouble.
Robinson Crusoe can tell the right answer to the question about what to do in trouble.
Robinson Crusoe is the main character in an exciting story.
Robinson Crusoe hated the comfortable life in his hometown.
Robinson Crusoe wanted to be a seaman.
Robinson Crusoe traveled around the world.
One day, a terrible thing happened to Robinson Crusoe.
A great storm came and Robinson Crusoe's boat crashed.
No one was alive in the accident except Robinson Crusoe.
Robinson Crusoe was the luckiest man in the world because he was alive.
All of Robinson Crusoe's friends were dead.
Robinson Crusoe was also the most unfortunate man of all.
Robinson Crusoe had to face the fact of being alone on an island.
Robinson Crusoe was alone on an island without food, water, or a gun.
Robinson Crusoe worked hard using his hands.
Robinson Crusoe made a cave on the island.
Robinson Crusoe built a house on the island.
Robinson Crusoe grew corn on the island.
Robinson Crusoe kept goats on the island.
In the end, Robinson Crusoe could enjoy life on the island.
In his twenty-fourth year on the island, Robinson Crusoe saved a wild man.
Robinson Crusoe gave the wild man the name of 'Friday'.
With Robinson Crusoe's teaching, Friday became a good servant.
Robinson Crusoe and Friday got a boat and escaped from the island.
The writer of Robinson Crusoe is considered a hero.
It is hard to describe Robinson Crusoe with words.
Robinson Crusoe was very clever.
Robinson Crusoe was brave.
Many good words can describe Robinson Crusoe.
The speaker believes that the most important thing is what we have learned from the story.
The lesson from the story is to use our own hands to work hard with confidence.
A crowd of performers surrounded Leo and Jack Snipper.
Very few performers liked Jack Snipper.
The performers wondered what Leo would do should Jack Snipper attack Leo.
Jack Snipper roared, 'Call me a braggart, will you!'
Leo replied calmly, 'Dont you dare to touch me with that club!'
Jack Snipper threatened, 'Ill teach you a lesson!'
Jack Snipper swung the Indian club over his head.
Jack Snipper made a savage blow at the young gymnast, Leo.
Had the Indian club struck Leo, Leo's head would have sustained a severe injury.
Leo dodged quickly.
The Indian club merely circled through the empty air.
A voice cried out, 'For shame, Snipper!'
Another voice asked, 'Do you want to kill the boy?'
A voice questioned, 'What harm has he done?'
The cries continued among the crowd.
The maddened gymnast, Jack Snipper, shouted, 'Mind your own affairs!'
Jack Snipper declared, 'Im going to teach the boy a lesson!'
Jack Snipper sprang at Leo again.
The Indian club was caught suddenly.
A dexterous twist caused the Indian club to go flying out of reach across the dressing tent.
Before Jack Snipper could recover, he received a stinging slap full in the face.
The slap sent Jack Snipper staggering backward on the grass.
A shout of approval went up from the crowd.
'Good for Leo!' was shouted.
'Thats right, boy, stand up for your rights!' was shouted.
The shout brought Adam Lambert to the scene.
Adam Lambert was the general manager.
No sooner had Adam Lambert appeared than all the performers walked away.
It was against the rules to fight.
Every performer present was liable to a heavy fine.
Discogs is short for discographies.
Discogs is a website.
Discogs is a crowdsourced database of information about audio recordings.
Discogs includes information about commercial releases.
Discogs includes information about promotional releases.
Discogs includes information about bootleg or off-label releases.
The Discogs servers are currently hosted under the domain name discogs.com.
The Discogs servers are owned by Zink Media, Inc.
The Discogs servers are located in Portland, Oregon, US.
Discogs lists releases in all genres.
Discogs lists releases on all formats.
Discogs is especially known as the largest online database of electronic music releases.
Discogs is especially known as the largest online database of releases on vinyl media.
Discogs currently contains over 8 million releases.
Discogs currently contains releases by nearly 4.9 million artists.
Discogs currently contains releases across over 1 million labels.
Discogs has contributions from nearly 346,000 contributor user accounts.
The figures for releases, artists, labels, and contributor user accounts on Discogs are constantly growing.
Users continually add previously unlisted releases to the site over time.
The discogs.com domain name was registered on 30 August 2000.
Discogs was launched in November 2000.
Kevin Lewandowski is a programmer, DJ, and music fan.
Kevin Lewandowski originally launched Discogs as a database of electronic music.
Kevin Lewandowski was inspired by the success of community-built sites such as Slashdot.
Kevin Lewandowski was inspired by the success of community-built sites such as eBay.
Kevin Lewandowski was inspired by the success of community-built sites such as Open Directory Project.
Kevin Lewandowski decided to use the community-built model for a music discography database.
The original goal of the site was to build the most comprehensive database of electronic music.
The original goal of the site was to organize the database around the artists, labels, and releases available in the electronic music genre.
In 2003, the Discogs system was completely rewritten.
In January 2004, Discogs began to support other genres, starting with hip hop.
Discogs expanded to include rock and jazz in January 2005.
Discogs expanded to include funk/soul, Latin, and reggae in October 2005.
In January 2006, Discogs added blues and non-music genres such as comedy records, field recordings, and interviews.
Discogs started supporting classical music in June 2007.
In October 2007, the final genres were turned on.
The final genres added support for Stage & Screen, Brass & Military, Children's, and Folk, World, & Country music genres.
Discogs allows capture of virtually every single type of audio recording that has ever been released.
Zen is a school of Mahayana Buddhism.
Zen originated in China during the Tang dynasty.
Zen was originally known as Chan Buddhism.
The Zen school was strongly influenced by Taoism.
Zen developed as a distinct school of Chinese Buddhism.
Chan Buddhism spread south to Vietnam.
Chan Buddhism spread northeast to Korea.
Chan Buddhism spread east to Japan.
In Japan, Chan Buddhism became known as Japanese Zen.
The term Zen is derived from the Japanese pronunciation of the Middle Chinese word .
The Middle Chinese word  traces its roots to the Indian practice of Dhyana.
Dhyana can be translated as 'meditation'.
Zen emphasizes rigorous self-control.
Zen emphasizes meditation-practice.
Zen emphasizes insight into Buddha-nature.
Zen emphasizes the personal expression of insight in daily life.
Zen emphasizes the benefit of others.
Zen de-emphasizes mere knowledge of sutras and doctrine.
Zen favors direct understanding through zazen.
Zen favors interaction with an accomplished teacher.
The teachings of Zen include various sources of Mahayana thought.
Yogachara is one of the sources of Mahayana thought included in Zen teachings.
The Tathgatagarbha stras are one of the sources of Mahayana thought included in Zen teachings.
The Huayan school is one of the sources of Mahayana thought included in Zen teachings.
The Huayan school emphasizes Buddha-nature.
The Huayan school emphasizes totality.
The Huayan school emphasizes the Bodhisattva-ideal.
The Prajpramit literature has been influential in shaping the Zen tradition.
Madhyamaka has also been influential in the shaping of the Zen tradition.
Madhyamaka has a lesser extent of influence compared to Prajpramit literature.
The Zen tradition includes a 'paradoxical language'.
The word 'Zen' is derived from the Japanese pronunciation of the Middle Chinese word .
The Middle Chinese word  is derived from the Sanskrit word 'dhyna'.
The Sanskrit word 'dhyna' can be approximately translated as 'absorption'.
The Sanskrit word 'dhyna' can be approximately translated as 'meditative state'.
The allies drove Charles VIII out of Italy.
It remained for the allies to remove all traces of Charles VIII's passage from Naples.
The allies aimed to restore the rule of the House of Aragon.
Ferdinand and Isabella aided the allies.
Ferdinand and Isabella sent an army under the command of Gonzalo de Cordoba.
Gonzalo de Cordoba was known in his day as the Great Captain.
Gonzalo de Cordoba landed in Calabria in the spring of 1496.
War broke out afresh in Calabria.
Calabria was already sorely devastated.
The Spaniards were joined by the allied forces of Venice and the Church.
The allied forces were under the condotta of the Marquis Gonzaga of Mantua.
The Marquis Gonzaga of Mantua was the leader of the Italians at Fornovo.
Lodovico detached himself from the league.
Lodovico made terms with France for his own safety's sake.
Giovanni Sforza was Lodovico's cousin.
Giovanni Sforza was the Tyrant of Pesaro.
Giovanni Sforza was the husband of Lucrezia Borgia.
Giovanni Sforza continued in the pontifical army.
Giovanni Sforza led a condotta of 600 lances.
Giuffredo Borgia was another commander in the same ranks.
Giuffredo Borgia commanded a condotta of 700 lances.
Giuffredo Borgia was the youthful Prince of Squillace.
Giuffredo Borgia was the husband of Doa Sancia of Aragon.
Doa Sancia of Aragon was a lady of exceedingly loose morals.
Doa Sancia of Aragon had brought to Rome habits acquired in the most licentious Court of that licentious age.
The French lost Naples even more easily than they had conquered it.
By July 7, Ferdinand II was able to reenter his capital.
Ferdinand II was able to reascend his throne.
D'Aubigny was the French general.
D'Aubigny withdrew to France.
Montpensier was the Viceroy.
Montpensier retired to Pozzuoli.
Montpensier died in the following year.
Before Diana Spencer was a princess, she was a child.
Diana Spencer was shy but affectionate.
Diana Spencer was respectful but mischievous.
Diana Spencer is shown on her first birthday.
Diana Spencer grew up at Park House.
Park House is a country estate leased from the royal family.
Ten years after the death of Princess Diana, two women who helped raise the future princess are providing a new, intimate portrait of the girl who would become the 'People's Princess.'
Diana Frances Spencer was born into a life of privilege.
Diana Frances Spencer grew up at Park House.
Park House is a country home leased from the royal family's Sandringham estate in Norfolk, England.
Diana Frances Spencer's parents were Johnnie and Frances Spencer.
Johnnie and Frances Spencer were well-known members of the English aristocracy.
Inge Crane came to Park House as an au pair when Diana was just 3 years old.
Inge Crane said there has always been something special about Park House.
Inge Crane described it as difficult to put a finger on what it is.
Inge Crane gave her first interview exclusively to CNN.
Life at Park House wasn't entirely normal.
The queen's estate was about a mile away from Park House.
The young Princes Andrew and Edward frequently visited Park House to swim in the pool.
When the butler would ring the gong for dinner, the children would rush to the stairs.
The children would slide down the wooden banister and run into the dining room.
Despite growing up in the shadows of royalty, Inge Crane and Mary Clarke describe an 'ordinary' childhood for Diana.
Mary Clarke was Diana's nanny starting at age 9.
Diana was a tomboy who loved going outdoors.
Diana loved climbing trees and playing with animals.
Janet walked past the barn.
Janet walked past the big tree.
Janet walked through the back yard.
Janet reached the chicken pen.
Janet gathered the eggs from the chicken pen.
Janet gathered the eggs so that Janet's father could make scrambled eggs for breakfast.
Janet's father would need at least 5 eggs for the meal.
Janet's father needed two eggs for Janet and three eggs for himself.
Janet could only find four eggs in the chicken pen.
Janet looked under every chicken.
Janet looked in every nest.
Janet could not find another egg.
Janet placed the four eggs in her basket.
Janet began to walk toward the house.
Janet heard a quacking sound.
Janet went toward the sound.
Janet found a nest near the pond.
The nest contained large brown eggs inside.
A nearby duck said 'Quack' as Janet took an egg from the nest.
Now Janet had enough eggs for breakfast.
Each person who had doubted Sam's honesty felt it necessary to call at Mrs. Byram's.
Each person who called at Mrs. Byram's congratulated Sam upon what now appeared to be good proof of his innocence.
Fred and the miners also came in for their share of attention.
Bill's limb was paining him severely.
Bill joined his partners in celebrating their victory.
The victory now seemed certain.
Before returning home, Mr. Hunter called to consult with his clients.
Mr. Hunter consulted with his clients relative to making a stock company of the new mine.
When Mr. Hunter left, it was with full authority to do whatever he believed their interests demanded.
Among the visitors in the evening was Donovan.
Donovan had no hesitation in calling himself very severe names.
Donovan thought it possible that his old friends could have been engaged in any questionable transaction.
Donovan stated that the cashier is about as sore a man as can be found in town.
Donovan predicted that the cashier would be looking for another job mighty soon.
Bill asked if the cashier said anything against them.
Donovan replied that the cashier is glum as a fish.
Every feller who goes in wants to know where Gus is.
The cashier keeps out of sight all that's possible.
Bill asked if Donovan had seen Mr. Wright today.
Donovan replied that he had not seen Mr. Wright.
Donovan heard that Mr. Wright and Bill's lawyer had a long discussion about the business.
Donovan suggested that by the time Bill gets out of this scrape, he will owe a pretty penny for law.
Donovan recommended that Bill try to make the company pay the legal fees.
GERALD Christian is in Grade 8 at Ridge Road Middle School.
Ridge Road Middle School is located in North Carolina, US.
GERALD Christian is a member of her school basketball team.
Late last month, GERALD Christian faced a big problem.
GERALD Christian's mother lost her job.
GERALD Christian thought she couldn't pay the $50 fee for the city's sports meet this year.
GERALD Christian was not the only one who had this problem.
Some other middle school players in the city had the same problem.
Famous NBA player Michael Jordan gave $250,000 to the city earlier this month.
Michael Jordan wanted to help the poor students.
Michael Jordan said that he knows there are kids who get an education by playing sports.
Michael Jordan stated that we need to keep sports alive for the kids.
GERALD Christian was surprised by Michael Jordan's donation.
GERALD Christian said, 'Really? I can't believe Michael did that for us.'
GERALD Christian goes to bed thinking about Michael Jordan's donation.
GERALD Christian wakes up thinking about Michael Jordan's donation.
Now the problem is over for GERALD Christian.
GERALD Christian wanted to say 'thanks' to Michael Jordan.
GERALD Christian said, 'Michael, thank you for giving me the chance to show myself.'
GERALD Christian stated that she will do her best at the meet.
Entertainment Weekly poses a question about the elements of the romantic comedy 'The Proposal' and their similarity to the checklist of a charming, traditional bride.
Ryan Reynolds wonders if marrying his boss, Sandra Bullock, is a good thing in 'The Proposal.'
The story of a haughty woman and an exasperated man who hate each other until they realize they love each other is proudly square.
The story follows the tradition of romantic comedies from the 1940s and 1950s.
The story may also be reminiscent of Shakespeare's works from the 1590s.
Sandra Bullock plays the role of Margaret, a shrew and a pitiless, high-powered New York book editor.
Margaret is first seen multitasking in the midst of her aerobic workout.
Ryan Reynolds plays the role of Andrew, Margaret's put-upon executive assistant.
Andrew is a younger man who accepts abuse as a media-industry hazing ritual.
Margaret and Andrew remain locked in mutual disdain until Margaret's fatal flaw is revealed.
Margaret's fatal flaw is that she is Canadian.
Margaret faces deportation due to her expired visa.
Margaret makes the snap executive decision to marry Andrew in a green-card wedding.
Andrew cannot refuse Margaret's offer if he wants to keep his job.
A sexual-harassment lawsuit would ruin the movie's mood.
Andrew agrees to the marriage proposal.
The couple visits Andrew's family in Alaska before the wedding.
Amusing complications ensue during the visit to Andrew's family.
The chemical energy between Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds is fresh and irresistible.
In her mid-40s, Sandra Bullock has finessed her comedy skills to a mature, pearly texture.
Sandra Bullock is lovable both as an uptight careerist in a pencil skirt and stilettos and as a lonely lady in a flapping plaid bathrobe.
Height above average terrain (HAAT) is a measure of how high an antenna site is above the surrounding landscape.
HAAT is also known as Effective Height Above Average Terrain (EHAAT).
HAAT is used extensively in FM radio and television.
HAAT is more important than effective radiated power (ERP) in determining the range of broadcasts.
VHF and UHF are line of sight transmissions.
For international coordination, HAAT is officially measured in meters.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in the United States measures HAAT in meters.
Canada and Mexico have extensive border zones where stations can be received on either side of the international boundaries.
Stations that want to increase above a certain HAAT must reduce their power accordingly.
The reduction of power is based on the maximum distance their station class is allowed to cover.
The List of North American broadcast station classes provides more information on station classes.
The FCC procedure to calculate HAAT involves drawing either 12 or 16 radials from the proposed or actual antenna site.
Points at 2, 4, 6, 8, and radius along each radial are used in the calculation.
The entire radial graph can be rotated to achieve the best effect for the station.
The altitude of the antenna site is subtracted by the average altitude of all the specified points to calculate HAAT.
This calculation can create unusual cases, particularly in mountainous regions.
It is possible to have a negative number for HAAT.
A negative HAAT indicates that the transmitter is located in a valley with hills on both sides taller than the transmitter itself.
Michael Brewer is a 15-year-old boy.
Michael Brewer was burned over 65 percent of his body after being set on fire.
Michael Brewer was allegedly set on fire by a group of teenagers.
Valerie Brewer is Michael Brewer's mother.
Valerie Brewer told CNN that it hurts her heart to see Michael Brewer in pain.
Valerie Brewer expressed that it enlightens her to know that Michael Brewer is strong enough to make it through on a daily basis.
Michael Brewer, Sr. is Michael Brewer's father.
Valerie Brewer and Michael Brewer, Sr. spoke to CNN's Tony Harris.
A 13-year-old boy named Jeremy Jarvis witnessed last month's attack.
Jeremy Jarvis publicly read a written statement expressing his deepest sympathy to Michael Brewer and his family.
Jeremy Jarvis stated that he will pray for Michael Brewer to grow stronger every day.
Jeremy Jarvis stated that he prays for Michael Brewer's speedy recovery.
Jeremy Jarvis' older brother has been charged in the October 12 attack in Deerfield Beach, Florida.
Valerie Brewer knows the Jarvis family.
Valerie Brewer said she can't focus on Jeremy Jarvis' statement.
Valerie Brewer expressed a desire to stay away from negative energy.
Michael Brewer remains in guarded condition at the University of Miami's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center.
Michael Brewer suffered second- and third-degree burns over about two-thirds of his body.
Dr. Carl Schulman is the associate director of the hospital.
Dr. Carl Schulman told CNN's Harris that Michael Brewer faces a lifelong recovery from his injuries.
French officials condemned an Israeli airstrike on Gaza that wounded Majdi Shakoura, the consul of France, his wife, and their daughter.
French officials called on Israel to avoid civilian casualties.
France strongly deplores the consequences of the airstrike.
A statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Paris announced the condemnation.
France is committed to security in Israel.
France reaffirms the imperative need to avoid attacks on civilians.
The imperative to avoid attacks on civilians was reaffirmed to the Israeli authorities.
Majdi Shakoura was at home with his family in the northern end of Gaza when the airstrike hit.
The airstrike hit about 200 meters (650 feet) away from Majdi Shakoura's home.
The airstrike blew out the windows of Majdi Shakoura's home.
Majdi Shakoura and his family were struck by shards of flying glass.
Capt. Aryeh Shalikar is an Israeli military spokesman.
Capt. Aryeh Shalikar told CNN that the airstrike was aimed at Palestinian militants.
Palestinian militants fired a rocket into southern Israel late Sunday.
Capt. Aryeh Shalikar stated that the Israel Defense Forces never received any official statement regarding injuries to Majdi Shakoura or his relatives.
The Israel Defense Forces wishes to convey that missiles are being fired at Israeli civilians from terrorists.
The Israel Defense Forces has no intention of harming civilians when it returns fire at terrorists.
Palestinian security and medical officials reported that one person died and several others were wounded in the airstrike.
Palestinian security and medical officials stated that the airstrike struck a Hamas naval building in northern Gaza.
A Hamas security official reported that two Israeli rockets struck the building.
France has a consulate in Gaza.
France has a cultural center in Gaza to support the population.
France has helped build water and sewer systems in Gaza.
France has helped rebuild hospitals in Gaza.
Gaza is ruled by the Islamic movement Hamas.
Windows 8 introduced major changes to the operating system's platform.
Windows 8 introduced major changes to the user interface.
The changes in Windows 8 aimed to improve the user experience on tablets.
Windows was now competing with mobile operating systems, including Android and iOS.
The changes in Windows 8 included a touch-optimized Windows shell.
The touch-optimized Windows shell was based on Microsoft's 'Metro' design language.
The changes in Windows 8 included a Start screen.
The Start screen displays programs and dynamically updated content on a grid of tiles.
The changes in Windows 8 included a new platform for developing apps.
The new platform for developing apps emphasized touchscreen input.
The changes in Windows 8 included integration with online services.
The integration with online services included the ability to sync apps and settings between devices.
The changes in Windows 8 included Windows Store.
Windows Store is an online store for downloading and purchasing new software.
Windows 8 added support for USB 3.0.
Windows 8 added support for Advanced Format hard drives.
Windows 8 added support for near field communications.
Windows 8 added support for cloud computing.
Additional security features were introduced in Windows 8.
The additional security features included built-in antivirus software.
The additional security features included integration with Microsoft SmartScreen phishing filtering service.
The additional security features included support for UEFI Secure Boot on supported devices with UEFI firmware.
The support for UEFI Secure Boot was designed to prevent malware from infecting the boot process.
The widow of the man whose life was portrayed in the film 'American Sniper' has penned a heartfelt letter to the man on their 13th anniversary.
Taya Kyle posted her letter on March 16 on the Chris Kyle Facebook page.
Taya Kyle proclaimed in her letter, 'I miss you and I love you.'
Taya Kyle feels the presence of the man in her heart and soul strongly.
Taya Kyle stated that she is more blessed to have been the wife of the man than anything else in her life.
Taya Kyle expressed a choice in her letter.
Taya Kyle can either bury herself under the covers and acknowledge the pain of missing the man or celebrate the memories of the man.
Taya Kyle mourns the future anniversaries without the man.
Taya Kyle can celebrate never having a day without the man in her heart.
The man loved Taya Kyle enough to leave her a lifetime of memories and beauty.
Chris Kyle was a Navy SEAL.
Chris Kyle has been credited as the most successful sniper in United States military history.
Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Academy Award for his portrayal of Chris Kyle in the film 'American Sniper.'
The film 'American Sniper' was based on Chris Kyle's bestselling autobiography.
The film 'American Sniper' was directed by Clint Eastwood.
The film 'American Sniper' has become the highest-grossing war movie ever.
Chris Kyle and his friend Chad Littlefield were shot and killed at a gun range in 2013 by Eddie Ray Routh.
A Texas jury found Eddie Ray Routh guilty of capital murder in February.
Eddie Ray Routh was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are fighting for FIFA's Ballon d'Or award once again.
The contest between Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo is not only being played out on the pitch.
Manuel Neuer is Bayern Munich's German international goalkeeper.
Manuel Neuer was the other player on the three-man shortlist revealed on Monday.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the overwhelming favorite to take the Ballon d'Or award.
There is no sign of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo's domination of the back pages ending any time soon.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are globally known.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo's every Facebook posting is worth thousands of dollars for brands associated with them.
The allure of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo's names helps shift any and every product with which they are associated.
The question is raised about who is the most marketable between Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Lionel Messi is the newly-crowned all-time La Liga top scorer.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the current Ballon d'Or holder.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a man seemingly able to score goals at will, no matter what the competition.
Repucom is a sports marketing research company.
Repucom examined 15 different markets, ranging from Spain to the U.S.
Repucom found that Cristiano Ronaldo is the better-known of the two players.
92% of people know of Cristiano Ronaldo.
87% of people have heard of Lionel Messi.
The same number of men know about Lionel Messi as women know about Cristiano Ronaldo, which is 91%.
Cristiano Ronaldo sells more effectively.
86% of those questioned regard Cristiano Ronaldo as 'an influential brand spokesman.'
Mike Wragg is Repucom's global head of research.
Mike Wragg stated that Cristiano Ronaldo dominates in terms of his overall marketability.
Cristiano Ronaldo's overall marketability is largely because of the consistently high levels of awareness people have of him around the world.
Lionel Messi has a greater proportion of people that know of him saying they like him.
Anthropology is the study of humans and their societies in the past and present.
The main subdivisions of anthropology are social anthropology and cultural anthropology.
Social anthropology describes the workings of societies around the world.
Cultural anthropology describes the workings of societies around the world.
Linguistic anthropology investigates the influence of language in social life.
Biological or physical anthropology concerns the long-term development of the human organism.
Archaeology studies past human cultures through investigation of physical evidence.
Archaeology is thought of as a branch of anthropology in the United States.
In Europe, archaeology is viewed as a discipline in its own right.
In Europe, archaeology is grouped under other related disciplines such as history.
The American Anthropological Association was founded in 1902.
The Anthropological Society of Madrid was founded in 1865.
The Anthropological Society of Vienna was founded in 1870.
The Italian Society of Anthropology and Ethnology was founded in 1871.
Many other similar organizations were founded subsequently.
The majority of these organizations were evolutionist.
The Berlin Society of Anthropology was founded in 1869.
Rudolph Virchow founded the Berlin Society of Anthropology.
Rudolph Virchow was known for his vituperative attacks on the evolutionists.
Rudolph Virchow was not religious himself.
Rudolph Virchow insisted that Darwin's conclusions lacked empirical foundation.
It is finally the weekend of Halloween.
I get to dress up in my lion costume.
Halloween is my favorite holiday.
I really like candy.
I love dressing up.
Last year, I was a ghost.
This year, I am a lion.
My little brother is dressed like a dinosaur.
My little brother keeps chewing on everything.
My little brother is only 3 years old.
I guess that is okay.
My little brother's name is Todd.
Todd's favorite holiday is his birthday.
I don't think Todd knows much about any holidays.
My dad loves Christmas.
My mom really likes Thanksgiving.
I love Halloween.
We have to wait for my dad to come home from work.
We can go out and trick-or-treat after my dad comes home.
While we are waiting, my mom cooks us dinner.
My mom wants us to eat good food before we spoil our dinner with all the candy we are going to get.
I can't wait to go to my friend Kevin's house.
Kevin's parents give the best candy.
Kevin's parents give me extra candy since Kevin is my friend.
I think Kevin said he was going to dress up like a pirate.
I don't remember if Kevin said he was going to dress up like a pirate.
I don't think pirates are very cool.
I didn't tell Kevin that I don't think pirates are very cool.
I think I hear my dad coming up the stairs.
Tonight is going to be the best Halloween ever.
Billy went to the farm to buy some beef for Billy's brother's birthday.
When Billy arrived at the farm, Billy saw that all six of the cows were sad.
The cows had brown spots.
The cows were all eating their breakfast in a big grassy meadow.
Billy thought that the brown spots looked very strange.
Billy went closer to the cows to get a better look.
When Billy got closer to the cows, Billy also saw that there were five white chickens sitting on the fence.
The fence was painted blue.
The fence had some dirty black spots on it.
Billy wondered where the dirty black spots had come from.
Soon, Billy got close to the chickens and the chickens got scared.
All five chickens flew away.
The five chickens went to eat some food.
After Billy got a good look at the cows, Billy went to the farmer to buy some beef.
The farmer gave Billy four pounds of beef for ten dollars.
Billy thought that four pounds of beef for ten dollars was a good deal.
Billy went home and cooked dinner for Billy's brother.
Billy's brother was very happy with the dinner.
Billy's mom was also very happy.
When last the audience saw Olivia Pope, Olivia Pope was flying off into the sunset with Jake by her side.
Olivia Pope was leaving behind a broken Fitz.
Fitz had just lost his son.
Fitz realized some horrible things about his father.
D.C. now rests in the hands of Olivia Pope's own father.
Olivia Pope's own father once again took over B-613.
There is a question about what awaits the team when season four starts up.
There is a possibility of a new face joining the team.
Entertainment Weekly has confirmed that Portia de Rossi will join Scandal's fourth season for a multiple-episode arc.
Portia de Rossi is a star of Arrested Development.
Ellen DeGeneres first announced the news on Twitter.
Ellen DeGeneres bragged about her wife's top secret storyline.
The words 'top secret' could mean that Portia de Rossi is a part of Papa Pope's B-613 army.
The audience will find out on Thursday, Sept. 25 at 9 p.m. when Scandal returns on ABC.
ABC announced fall premiere dates.
Scandal returns on ABC.
Columbus Short, a former Scandal actor, was arrested in Texas.
The original story can be found at EW.com.
A bitter wind searched the poplar bluff.
George was cutting fuel with his hired man, Grierson.
Trees of any size are scarce on the prairie except in the river valleys.
The slender trunks and leafless branches were closely massed.
The slender trunks and leafless branches afforded a little shelter.
The cold outside on the open waste was almost too severe to face.
George glanced anxiously across the snowy levels.
George was looking for some sign of Edgar.
Edgar should have joined George and Grierson with the team and sledge.
It was difficult to see far because a gray dimness narrowed in the horizon.
George stood in the center of a little clearing.
The little clearing was strewn with rows of fallen trunks.
George was hewing off the branches from the fallen trunks.
The work was hard for George.
George's whole body strained with each stroke of the heavy ax.
The work failed to keep George warm.
The wind was growing more bitter with the approach of night.
George expressed uncertainty about what could be keeping West.
George noted that they hadn't seen the mail-carrier either.
The mail-carrier was two hours late.
The mail-carrier must have had a heavy trail all the way from the settlement.
George expected the mail-carrier would cut out their place and make straight for Grant's.
George predicted they would have snow before long.
There was an empty shack not far away.
The mail-carrier left letters in the empty shack when bad weather made it desirable to shorten his round.
Grierson nodded as he glanced about.
The stretch of desolate white prairie had contracted since Grierson last noticed it.
The surrounding dimness was creeping nearer.
The ranks of poplar trunks were losing their sharpness of form.
The men had ceased chopping.
The men could hear the eerie moaning of the wind.
The men could hear the sharp patter of icy snow-dust among the withered brush.
Edward I's position towards France made it more desirable for Edward I that Scotland should be independent and friendly.
Edward I preferred Scotland to be independent and friendly rather than half subdued and hostile to his rule.
While Scotland was hostile, England, in attacking France, always left an enemy in her rear.
Edward I supposed that by showing clemency to all the Scottish leaders except William Wallace, he could combine England and Scotland in affectionate union.
Edward I gave great appointments to the Scottish leaders and trusted them fully.
Edward I called the Scottish leaders to his Parliament in London.
Edward I repaired the ruins of war in Scotland.
Edward I began to study the laws and customs of Scotland.
Edward I hastily created a new constitution for Scotland.
Edward I appointed his nephew, John of Brittany, as governor of Scotland.
Edward I overlooked two facts regarding Scotland.
The Scottish clergy, from the highest to the lowest, were irreconcilably opposed to union with England.
The greatest and most warlike of the Scottish nobles were fickle and insatiably ambitious.
Robert Bruce had turned his coat multiple times.
The Bishop of St Andrews had taken the oath to Edward I multiple times.
Both Robert Bruce and the Bishop of St Andrews were in Edward I's favour in June 1304.
In June 1304, Robert Bruce and the Bishop of St Andrews made a treasonable secret covenant against Edward I.
Through 1305, Robert Bruce prospered in Edward I's service.
On February 10, 1306, Edward I was conferring a new favour on Robert Bruce.
Edward I was unaware that Robert Bruce had slain his old rival, the Red Comyn, after some negotiation.
An uncle of the Red Comyn was also butchered before the high altar of the Church of the Franciscans in Dumfries.
Robert Bruce had tried to enlist the Red Comyn in his conspiracy.
Robert Bruce found the Red Comyn recalcitrant or feared that the Red Comyn would be treacherous on February 10, 1306.
Luna the hawk wanted some socks.
It was the middle of winter.
Sitting on tree branches made Luna the hawk's feet very cold.
Luna the hawk hoped that her friends could help her find some socks.
Luna the hawk flew to the old maple tree.
The old maple tree was where Olive the owl lived.
Luna the hawk asked Olive the owl if she could please borrow a pair of her socks.
Olive the owl looked surprised.
Olive the owl stated that she had no use for socks.
Olive the owl explained that her legs and toes have thick feathers.
Olive the owl suggested that Luna the hawk visit one of the animals that walk on four legs.
Olive the owl mentioned that those animals might have extra socks Luna could borrow.
Luna the hawk flew across the field.
Luna the hawk landed next to the icy creek.
Rose the raccoon was teaching her six babies how to wash their paws.
The water in the icy creek was very cold.
The six babies of Rose the raccoon were having fun.
Luna the hawk begged Rose the raccoon to borrow a pair of her socks.
Luna the hawk explained that her bare legs and bare toes were so cold.
Rose the raccoon laughed hard.
Rose the raccoon stated that she did not have socks.
Rose the raccoon pointed out that her legs and feet are covered with thick, warm fur.
Rose the raccoon apologized for not being able to help Luna the hawk.
Rose the raccoon suggested that Luna the hawk visit the humans.
Rose the raccoon mentioned that she sometimes tips over garbage cans at night when looking for food.
Rose the raccoon recalled that she once saw a pair of socks.
Luna the hawk was very afraid of humans.
Luna the hawk's grandmother and mother had warned her about humans.
Luna the hawk was told that some humans are mean and hurt hawks.
Luna the hawk's feet were so cold that it was difficult to grip tree branches.
Luna the hawk became brave.
Luna the hawk flew to the farmhouse on the big hill.
When Luna the hawk landed on the roof, she could not believe her eyes.
Luna the hawk saw socks.
In late autumn, Henrietta the human had put laundry outside to dry.
Henrietta the human had forgotten to bring in one tiny pair of socks.
The tiny pair of socks was hanging on the clothesline by two wooden pins.
Luna the hawk used her powerful beak to break the pins.
Luna the hawk put on the socks.
Luna the hawk flew back to her home in the huge tree.
When Luna the hawk landed, her feet were warm and dry.
Luna the hawk was very happy.
The narrator's father was dying.
The narrator traveled a thousand miles from home to be with the father in his last days.
The experience of being with the father was far more heartbreaking than the narrator had expected.
The time spent with the father was one of the most difficult and painful times in the narrator's life.
After the father passed away, the narrator stayed alone in the father's apartment.
There were many things for the narrator to deal with after the father's passing.
The situation felt endless to the narrator.
The narrator felt lonely.
The narrator hated the silence of the apartment.
One evening, the silence of the apartment was broken.
The narrator heard crying outside the apartment.
The narrator opened the door to find a little cat on the steps.
The little cat was thin and poor.
The little cat looked the way the narrator felt.
The narrator brought the little cat inside the apartment.
The narrator gave the little cat a can of fish.
The little cat ate the fish and then almost immediately fell sound asleep.
The next morning, the narrator checked with neighbors.
The narrator learned that the little cat had been abandoned by his owner.
The owner of the little cat had moved out.
The little cat was there all alone, just like the narrator was.
As the narrator walked back to the apartment, the narrator tried to figure out what to do with the little cat.
Having something else to take care of seemed beneficial to the narrator.
As soon as the narrator opened the apartment door, the little cat came running and jumped into the narrator's arms.
It was clear from that moment that the little cat had no intention of going anywhere.
The narrator started calling the little cat Willis, in honor of the narrator's father's best friend.
From then on, things grew easier for the narrator.
With Willis in the narrator's lap, time seemed to pass much more quickly.
When the time finally came for the narrator to return home, the narrator had to decide what to do about Willis.
There was absolutely no way the narrator would leave without Willis.
It has now been five years since the narrator's father died.
Over the years, several people have commented on how nice it was of the narrator to rescue the cat.
The narrator knows that the narrator and Willis rescued each other.
The narrator may have given Willis a home, but Willis gave the narrator something greater.
Slovenia is officially known as the Republic of Slovenia.
The abbreviation for the Republic of Slovenia is 'RS'.
Slovenia is a nation state located in southern Central Europe.
Slovenia is variously classified as part of Eastern and Southern Europe.
Slovenia is located at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes.
Slovenia is bordered by Italy to the west.
Slovenia is bordered by Austria to the north.
Slovenia is bordered by Hungary to the northeast.
Slovenia is bordered by Croatia to the south and southeast.
Slovenia is bordered by the Adriatic Sea to the southwest.
Slovenia covers a total area of 20,273 square kilometers.
Slovenia has a population of 2.06 million.
Slovenia is a parliamentary republic.
Slovenia is a member of the United Nations.
Slovenia is a member of the European Union.
Slovenia is a member of NATO.
The capital and largest city of Slovenia is Ljubljana.
The territory of Slovenia is mostly mountainous.
Slovenia has a mainly continental climate.
The Slovene Littoral has a sub-Mediterranean climate.
The north-western area of Slovenia has an Alpine climate.
The Dinaric Alps meet the Pannonian Plain on the territory of Slovenia.
Slovenia is marked by significant biological diversity.
Slovenia is one of the most water-rich countries in Europe.
Slovenia has a dense river network.
Slovenia has a rich aquifer system.
Slovenia has significant karst underground watercourses.
Over half of the territory of Slovenia is covered by forest.
The human settlement of Slovenia is dispersed and uneven.
Slovenia has historically been the crossroads of West Slavic, South Slavic, Germanic, Romance, and Hungarian languages and culture.
The population of Slovenia is not homogeneous.
The majority of the population in Slovenia is Slovene.
The official language throughout Slovenia is Slovene.
Slovenia is a largely secularized country.
The culture and identity of Slovenia have been significantly influenced by Catholicism.
The culture and identity of Slovenia have been significantly influenced by Lutheranism.
The economy of Slovenia is small, open, and export-oriented.
The economy of Slovenia has been strongly influenced by international conditions.
The economy of Slovenia has been severely hurt by the Eurozone crisis that started in the late 2000s.
The main economic field in Slovenia is services.
The second economic field in Slovenia is industry.
The third economic field in Slovenia is construction.
Aunt Ada said, 'Well, now for the second stage of our guardianship!'
Aunt Ada and the two sisters sat over the fire after Valetta had gone to bed.
Fergus comes back to-morrow.
Aunt Ada asked, 'Gillian---when?'
Gillian does not seem quite certain.
Gillian is to spend a day or two at Brompton with Geraldine.
Gillian is to see her grandmother.
Gillian is to see Mr. Clement Underwood's church.
Gillian is to see a performance of The Merchant of Venice.
The activities involve an odd mixture of ecclesiastics and dissipations.
Aunt Ada wondered whether Gillian would be set up by the experiences.
Jenny expressed agreement with Aunt Ada's wonder.
Jenny stated that they are all remarkably good people.
Jenny noted that good people do sometimes spoil the most of all.
Good people are too unselfish to snub.
Seeing the world sometimes has the wholesome effect of making one feel small.
Aunt Ada addressed Jenny as 'My dear Jenny!'
Jenny clarified that she did not mean Aunt Ada, who is never easily effaced.
Jenny was thinking of youthful bumptiousness fostered by country life and elder sistership.
Aunt Ada acknowledged that Valetta is really much improved.
Aunt Ada noted that Gillian has not been as pleasant as she expected.
Aunt Ada observed that Gillian's unpleasantness was especially during the latter part of the time.
Jenny queried whether the issue was Gillian's fault, her fault, the worry of the examination, or all three.
Aunt Ada suggested that Jenny may have superintended a little too much at first.
Aunt Ada stated that more than modern independence was prepared for.
Aunt Ada expressed that she should not have expected recalcitration in a young Lily.
Aunt Ada thinks there was more ruffling of temper and more reserve than she can quite understand.
Jenny concluded that the situation has not been a success.
Jenny quoted dear old Lily, saying, 'My dream has vanished,' regarding a friend in the younger generation.
Jenny stated that it remains to do the best she can for Gillian in the few weeks that are left.
Jenny mentioned that they will have Gillian's dear mother again soon.
The afternoon at Clipstone was a success.
Gillian was at home during the afternoon at Clipstone.
Everyone found congeners at Clipstone.
Lady Merrifield's sister was Miss Mohun.
Miss Mohun pounced upon Miss Prescott as a coadjutor in the alphabet of good works needed in the neglected district of Arnscombe.
Mr. Earl was wifeless in the neglected district of Arnscombe.
The farm ladies were heedless in the neglected district of Arnscombe.
Mysie ran up to claim Miss Prescott for a game at croquet.
Uncle Redgie was glad to see the hoops come into fashion again.
Vera and Paula hardly knew the game of croquet.
Vera and Paula had always played at lawn tennis.
Vera and Paula were delighted to learn the game of croquet.
Uncle Redgie proved to be a very fine-looking retired General.
There was a lad besides Uncle Redgie, who had grown to manly height.
There was one boy at home for Easter.
The boy at home for Easter did not care for croquet.
The boy at home for Easter went with Primrose to exhibit to Thekla the tame menagerie.
The tame menagerie included a mungoose called Raki raki.
Raki raki was the last acquisition of the tame menagerie.
Thekla was shown the kittens of the beloved Begum.
Thekla was presented with Phoebus, a tabby with a wise face and a head marked like a Greek lyre.
Phoebus was to be transplanted to the Goyle in due time.
Thekla asked if Sister would let her have Phoebus.
Primrose assured Thekla that Sister would let her have Phoebus.
Mysie said that Sister was so jolly.
The girls at Thekla's school said Sister was a regular Old Maid.
Primrose exclaimed that it was shocking bad form.
Fergus muttered that it was just like cads of girls.
Thekla continued that the girls at her school said Sister must be their maiden aunt instead of their sister.
American journalist Michael Scott Moore has been freed after being held for more than two years by Somali pirates.
Michael Scott Moore's family told CNN about his release.
A Somali official told CNN about Michael Scott Moore's release.
Marlis Saunders is Michael Scott Moore's mother.
Marlis Saunders expressed elation about Michael Scott Moore's freedom in a brief conversation.
Marlis Saunders stated that it took a lot of work for the family to reach this point.
Marlis Saunders described her feelings about Michael Scott Moore's freedom as joyful.
Marlis Saunders lives in Redondo Beach, California.
Marlis Saunders mentioned that she did not have much time to talk with Michael Scott Moore.
Marlis Saunders indicated that the family has a lot of things to do.
Marlis Saunders stated that she cannot talk anymore and needs time to evaluate the situation.
Ahmed Muse is the governor of Somalia's Mudug region.
Ahmed Muse told CNN that local elders negotiated Michael Scott Moore's release.
Ahmed Muse added that Michael Scott Moore is physically and mentally worn out.
Michael Scott Moore boarded a plane at an airport in Galkayo, in the north-central part of Somalia.
Ahmed Muse would not disclose where Michael Scott Moore is headed.
Michel Todd is Michael Scott Moore's web editor at Pacific Standard magazine.
Michel Todd expressed being absolutely thrilled about Michael Scott Moore's release.
Michel Todd compared Michael Scott Moore's return to seeing somebody come back from the dead.
Michel Todd described Michael Scott Moore's return as a marvelous resurrection.
Michel Todd stated that Michael Scott Moore was a weekly freelance columnist.
Michael Scott Moore often wrote about Somalia.
Michael Scott Moore had been researching Somali pirates.
As a news organization, Pacific Standard magazine wanted to write about Michael Scott Moore's capture.
Pacific Standard magazine had been encouraged by the FBI and State Department not to write about Michael Scott Moore's capture.
The FBI and State Department indicated that writing about Michael Scott Moore's capture would hurt his cause.
The FBI and State Department advised that raising Michael Scott Moore's profile would make his release more difficult.
Once upon a time, there was a boy monster named Jerry.
Jerry lived in a train car at the railroad tracks.
Jerry had lived in the train car all his life.
Jerry's mother was named Marge.
Marge was 36 years old.
Marge raised Jerry at the railroad tracks.
Marge wanted to keep Jerry safe.
Marge was afraid of the people who lived in the nearby town.
The town was named Qarth.
100 people lived in Qarth.
Marge believed that the people of Qarth would attack her and Jerry if they knew they were there.
Qarth used to be filled with factories when Jerry was born.
By the time Jerry was a teenager, most of the factories had gone away.
Most of the people in Qarth worked on special new machines.
The people of Qarth ate food from the fields outside of town.
Their favorite food to eat was a special kind of corn.
The people of Qarth didn't eat meat.
Nobody raised any farm animals in Qarth.
One day, when Jerry was 11, Jerry asked Marge who his father had been.
Jerry's father's name was George.
George was 2 years older than Marge.
Marge looked sad when she talked about George.
Marge told Jerry that George had left after Jerry was born.
Marge said that the people in the town didn't like George.
This information made Jerry very sad.
Jerry went off to his corner of the train car.
Jerry didn't talk to Marge again until she went to bed.
After Marge fell asleep, Jerry wanted to go out and look for his father.
Jerry packed some food before leaving.
When Marge woke up, she was upset.
Marge thought she knew where Jerry had gone.
Endemism is the ecological state of a species being unique to a defined geographic location.
A defined geographic location can be an island, nation, country, or other defined zone, or habitat type.
Organisms that are indigenous to a place are not endemic to it if they are also found elsewhere.
The extreme opposite of endemism is cosmopolitan distribution.
An alternative term for a species that is endemic is precinctive.
The term precinctive applies to species and subspecific categories that are restricted to a defined geographical area.
The word 'endemic' is from New Latin 'endmicus'.
The word 'endemic' is derived from Greek '', which means 'native'.
'Endmos' is formed of 'en' meaning 'in', and 'dmos' meaning 'the people'.
The term 'precinctive' has been suggested by some scientists.
The term 'precinctive' was first used in botany by MacCaughey in 1917.
The term 'precinctive' is the equivalent of 'endemism'.
'Precinction' was perhaps first used by Frank and McCoy.
'Precinctive' seems to have been coined by David Sharp when describing the Hawaiian fauna in 1900.
David Sharp used the word 'precinctive' in the sense of 'confined to the area under discussion'.
'Precinctive forms' means those forms that are confined to the area specified.
The definition of 'precinctive' excludes artificial confinement of examples by humans in far-off botanical gardens or zoological parks.
Physical, climatic, and biological factors can contribute to endemism.
The orange-breasted sunbird is exclusively found in the fynbos vegetation zone of southwestern South Africa.
The glacier bear is found only in limited places in Southeast Alaska.
Political factors can play a part if a species is protected in one jurisdiction but not another.
Political factors can play a part if a species is actively hunted in one jurisdiction but not another.
Bob had a son named John.
John owned the only red dog.
There was a blue dog named Jim.
The red dog was named Woof.
John's mother was named Gail.
Gail was Bob's wife.
Bob, John, and Gail lived in a tree.
There was a family down the street.
The family down the street was a couple named Frank and Francine.
Bob hated his neighbors, Frank and Francine.
One day Bob went to Frank's house.
Bob threw toilet paper all over Frank's trees.
Frank got back at Bob by stealing John's dog.
This is how the long fight between Frank and Bob began.
The fight between Frank and Bob lasted for ten years.
Bob passed away from a bad heart attack.
Frank knew he needed to say sorry to Gail for the years of trouble.
Frank did apologize to Gail.
After this, everything was great between the two families for the rest of their days on this Earth.
Jamie loves playing baseball.
Jamie's friends love playing baseball.
Jamie and his friends play in the park every morning.
One summer morning, Jamie and his friends lost the baseball.
Jamie went to the store with his friend Joe.
Jamie and Joe bought two baseballs.
Jamie and Joe also bought colas for the other kids.
Jamie and Joe spent ten dollars.
Jamie and Joe went back to the park.
Mike is Jamie's friend.
Mike drank his cola.
Mike went to bat.
Mike hit a home run.
Mike rounded the bases.
All of Jamie's friends cheered very loudly.
The sun was very bright.
Jamie had an idea.
Jamie and his friends went to the pool in town.
Jamie and his friends swam that afternoon.
Jamie and his friends met Sally at the pool.
Jamie and his friends met Jessica at the pool.
Jamie and his friends also met Jenny at the pool.
The lifeguard made Jamie and his friends put their sandals by the fence.
The lifeguard made Jamie and his friends put their watches by the fence.
The lifeguard made Jamie and his friends put their hats by the fence.
Jamie went home after swimming.
Jamie was very tired.
Jamie went to sleep.
Jamie had a lot of fun that day.
The speaker's summer holidays were a complete waste of time.
Before, the speaker and others used to go to New York to see the speaker's brother.
The speaker's brother has a girlfriend.
The speaker's brother and his girlfriend have three screaming kids.
The speaker loves New York.
New York is great.
School teachers and parents say that this new form of writing is harming the English language.
Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes can be seen in students' writing.
School teachers and parents fear that the English language could become corrupted.
Linguists say that everyone should just relax.
Linguists believe that Netspeak is more of a good thing.
David Crystal is from the University of Wales.
David Crystal argues that Netspeak and the Internet create a new language use.
The almost lost art of diary writing has been picked up again.
Geoffrey Nunberg is from Stanford University.
Geoffrey Nunberg agrees with David Crystal.
Geoffrey Nunberg says that people get better at writing by writing.
Kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mails, and instant messages will write at least as well as their parents.
Kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mails, and instant messages may possibly write better than their parents.
Linguist James states that for centuries, it has been believed without exception that young people are harming the language.
James argues that when today's teenagers become tomorrow's parents, they too will think that young people are harming the language.
James argues that languages do not and cannot become corrupted.
James argues that languages simply change to meet new needs.
Netspeakers agree that it is important to teach young people how to speak and write standard English.
Cynthia McVey says that she can understand that Netspeak worries teachers.
Cynthia McVey says that it is important for teachers to convey to their pupils that text messaging is for fun.
Cynthia McVey says that learning to write proper English is a must for students' futures.
Erin is aged 12.
Erin says that she wouldn't use text language in her homework.
Erin says that texting is just for fun.
Andy never wanted to go to bed on time.
Andys parents explained to Andy how important it was to go to bed early.
Going to bed early is important for getting a good rest.
Andy paid no attention to his parents.
Andys parents did not know what to do about Andy's bedtime behavior.
Andys parents were visiting Andy's grandparents during one weekend.
Grandpa Peter heard about Andy's bedtime problem.
Grandpa Peter suggested that the situation sounded like a job for Tubby.
Andys parents loaded the cat named Tubby into the car.
Andys parents returned home with Tubby.
That night, at bedtime, the same problem happened again.
Andy did not want to go to bed.
Andys parents waited a while to see if Tubby would solve the bedtime problem.
Nothing happened with Tubby solving the bedtime problem.
Hours later, Andy finally decided to go to bed.
Andy was surprised when he entered his bedroom.
Tubby was in Andy's bed.
Tubby was totally sprawling out in Andy's bed.
Tubby had his pot-belly in the air.
Tubby was sleeping like an express train.
Andy tried to move Tubby.
Andy could not move Tubby an inch.
That night, Andy hardly slept.
Andy lay on one tiny corner of his bed.
The next day, the same bedtime problem happened again.
Andy was much more tired from not having slept well.
On the third day, Andy understood that if he wanted to sleep in his bed, he would have to get into it before Tubby did.
That night, when Andys parents started to mention the topic of bedtime, Andy rushed upstairs.
Andy dived into bed.
Andys parents could not believe it.
Andys parents knew nothing about Tubby being in the bed.
Andys parents did not understand why Andy went to bed on time without complaint.
Andys parents were so happy about Andy going to bed on time that they stayed up quite late celebrating.
The chapter is titled CHAPTER 33.
The quote 'From darkness here and dreariness, We ask not full repose.' is from CHRISTIAN YEAR.
Guy had undergone fatigue.
Guy had a slight headache the next morning.
Guy seemed dull and weary the next morning.
Guy and Amabel sat for some time with Philip.
Amabel went away to write her letters.
Philip began discussing a plan of offering himself as chief of the constabulary force in the county where Redclyffe was situated.
The office of chief of the constabulary force would suit Philip very well.
The office opened a new hope for Philip's marriage.
Philip proceeded to reckon on Lord Thorndale's interest.
Philip counted up all the magistrates he knew.
Philip talked over the magistrates with Guy.
Guy did not know enough of his own neighbourhood to be of much use.
Guy came up-stairs a little after the discussion.
Guy said he was vexed at having been so stupid.
Guy was afraid he had seemed unkind and indifferent.
Guy was heavy and drowsy.
Guy had actually fallen twice into a doze while Philip was talking.
Amy said that gentle sleep would take her revenge at last for Guy calling her a popular delusion.
Amy advised Guy to lie down and let gentle sleep have her own way.
Amy suggested that if Guy followed her advice, he would be good for something by and by.
Guy took Amy's advice.
Guy slept for a couple of hours.
Guy awoke a good deal refreshed.
Guy's head still ached after sleeping.
Guy was able to attend as usual to Philip in the evening.
Two years ago, Hannah Mighall survived a great white shark attack on Tasmania's north-east coast.
Hannah Mighall was 13 years old at the time of the shark attack.
Despite the terrible scars, Hannah Mighall is determined to get back into the water.
It has been a long journey back for Hannah Mighall.
Hannah Mighall's life was changed forever during the shark attack.
Hannah Mighall was on her surfboard 60 metres offshore at Binalong Bay, Tasmania.
Syb Mundy is Hannah Mighall's cousin.
Syb Mundy is 32 years old.
Syb Mundy was surfing nearby during the shark attack.
Hannah Mighall recalls that everything went quiet on the day she almost lost her life.
Hannah Mighall looked down into the water and noticed a dark shadow under her board.
Hannah Mighall knew instantly that the dark shadow was a shark.
Syb Mundy watched in horror as the five-metre shark attacked Hannah Mighall.
The five-metre shark put hundreds of sharp teeth onto Hannah Mighall's right leg.
The shark threw Hannah Mighall from her board.
Hannah Mighall was attached to her leg-rope as the shark started to pull her under the water.
Hannah Mighall was lying on her back with one leg under the shark's body and the other still in its jaws.
Syb Mundy desperately punched the shark's nose.
Syb Mundy reached out to grab Hannah Mighall as the shark bit a huge chunk from the surfboard.
Hannah Mighall was still attached to her board and was dragged back under the water again.
When Hannah Mighall came up for air, she dog paddled to Syb Mundy's board.
Syb Mundy dragged Hannah Mighall from the water to lie on his back.
Hannah Mighall and Syb Mundy looked down and saw the shark circling beneath them.
Hannah Mighall was rushed to the hospital by helicopter.
Hannah Mighall needed more than 400 stitches on her leg.
Hannah Mighall spent two weeks in the hospital.
Hannah Mighall is modest about her remarkable courage.
Hannah Mighall owes her survival to Syb Mundy's bravery.
Great white sharks typically don't target humans despite their reputation as man-eaters.
After the attack, Hannah Mighall earned the Sea Shepherd award for courage.
Hannah Mighall spoke in defense of the shark after the attack.
Hannah Mighall stated, 'I was in his territory, she wasn't in mine.'
The Bronx is the northernmost of the five boroughs of New York City.
The Bronx is located in the state of New York.
The Bronx is located south of Westchester County.
Many bridges and tunnels link the Bronx to the island and borough of Manhattan.
The bridges and tunnels link the Bronx to Manhattan over and under the narrow Harlem River.
Three longer bridges link the Bronx south over the East River to the borough of Queens.
The Bronx is the only one of the five boroughs on the U.S. mainland.
The Bronx has a land area of 42 square miles.
The land area of the Bronx is equivalent to 109 km2.
The Bronx had a population of 1,438,159 in 2014.
The Bronx has the fourth largest land area among the five boroughs.
The Bronx has the fourth highest population among the five boroughs.
The Bronx has the third-highest population density among the five boroughs.
The Bronx is named after Jonas Bronck.
Jonas Bronck created the first settlement as part of the New Netherland colony in 1639.
The native Lenape were displaced after 1643 by settlers.
In the 19th and 20th centuries, the Bronx received many immigrant groups.
The Bronx was transformed into an urban community.
The first immigrant groups to the Bronx were from various European countries, particularly Ireland, Germany, and Italy.
Later immigrant groups to the Bronx were from the Caribbean region, particularly Puerto Rico, Jamaica, and the Dominican Republic.
African American migrants from the American South also moved to the Bronx.
The cultural mix in the Bronx has made it a wellspring of both Latin music and hip hop.
Time was running out for Mark Dickinson.
Mark Dickinson wasn't sure whether he would get to see his dying 2-year-old grandson one last time.
A long line at Los Angeles International Airport's security checkpoint had kept Mark Dickinson from getting to his gate on time.
Mark Dickinson's grandson was Caden.
Caden would be taken off life support in a matter of hours in Denver, Colorado.
Caden's life support would be removed with or without Mark Dickinson's presence.
CNN affiliate KABC reported on Caden's situation.
Mark Dickinson was kind of panicking because he was running late.
Mark Dickinson really thought he wasn't going to make the flight.
A pilot from Southwest Airlines stepped up to help Mark Dickinson.
The pilot held the flight at the gate until Mark Dickinson arrived.
The pilot was standing by the air bridge waiting for Mark Dickinson when Mark Dickinson arrived.
Mark Dickinson arrived in socks.
Mark Dickinson was so rushed that he just grabbed his shoes at security and ran through the terminal.
Mark Dickinson thanked the pilot for his help.
Mark Dickinson expressed his appreciation to the pilot.
The pilot responded to Mark Dickinson's gratitude by saying that the flight couldn't leave without him.
Authorities say that Mark Dickinson's grandson, Caden Rodgers, suffered a head injury.
Caden Rodgers suffered a head injury after his mother's boyfriend threw him across the room.
The boyfriend reportedly told police that he was drunk and high on marijuana at the time of the incident.
Caden Rodgers later died.
The boyfriend has been charged with first-degree murder.
The Aurora Sentinel reported on the charges against the boyfriend.
Thanks to the pilot, Mark Dickinson made it to Colorado in time to say goodbye to his grandson.
Most airlines would punish any staff member who holds up a flight.
Christopher Elliott is a consumer advocate who broke the story of the sympathetic pilot on his blog.
A Southwest spokeswoman commented on the pilot's actions.
The Southwest spokeswoman said that the pilot's actions were praiseworthy.
The Southwest spokeswoman stated that you can't hold a plane for every late customer.
The Southwest spokeswoman acknowledged that these were extenuating circumstances.
The Southwest spokeswoman said that the pilot absolutely made the right decision.
The Southwest spokeswoman expressed that you couldn't ask for a better example of great service for customers.
A little boy was named Joey.
Joey did not like to brush his teeth.
One day, Joey's mother asked him to brush his teeth.
Joey said, 'I don't want to! It's gross and a waste of time!'
In response, Joey's mom told him that he must brush his teeth to grow up and be big and strong like she is.
Joey brushed his teeth in disgust.
Joey's mom was watching to make sure he brushed his teeth right.
Joey whined until he was finished brushing his teeth.
The next day, Joey did not brush his teeth.
Joey told his mom that he brushed his teeth.
After going to school, one of Joey's friends said that Joey's breath stunk.
Joey's friend began to make fun of Joey.
This made Joey very angry.
Joey pushed the boy over.
Joey started to cry.
A teacher came over.
The teacher called the principal.
Both Joey and his friend were being loud and starting a fight.
Joey's mom came to school.
Joey's mom took Joey home.
After asking what was wrong, Joey told his mom that he didn't brush his teeth.
After hearing this, Joey's mom marched him up to the bathroom.
Joey's mom forced him to brush his teeth.
Joey's mom yelled, 'You won't get teased if you brush your teeth, Joey!'
Joey's mom then left the room.
From that day forward, Joey brushed his teeth every day.
Joey brushed his teeth so the other kids wouldn't make fun of him.
The Virginia governor's race is billed as the marquee battle of the 2013 election cycle.
The Virginia governor's race is shaping up to be a foregone conclusion.
Terry McAuliffe is a Democrat.
Terry McAuliffe is a longtime political fixer and moneyman.
Terry McAuliffe hasn't trailed in a poll since May.
Ken Cuccinelli is a Republican.
Ken Cuccinelli will be delivering a concession speech on Tuesday evening in Richmond, barring a political miracle.
The Virginia race has been a key off-year barometer of national political sentiment in recent cycles.
Bob McDonnell was a Republican who won the Virginia governor's race four years ago in blowout fashion.
Bob McDonnell's victory presaged the following year's GOP midterm wave.
Tim Kaine was a Democrat who captured the governor's mansion in 2005.
Tim Kaine tapped into anxiety about President George W. Bush's handling of the Iraq War and Hurricane Katrina.
The McAuliffe-Cuccinelli race has been defined by small-bore issues and character attacks.
The McAuliffe-Cuccinelli race has not been defined by sweeping national concerns.
There are plenty of crucial insights to be gleaned from the Virginia campaign.
The 2012 playbook is still potent for Democrats.
Terry McAuliffe is not exactly squeaky-clean.
Terry McAuliffe has been less than forthcoming with his tax returns.
Terry McAuliffe has a history of eyebrow-raising business ventures.
The opposition research book on Terry McAuliffe is as thick as a Virginia live oak.
Democrats have successfully turned the race into a referendum on Ken Cuccinelli.
Democrats defined Ken Cuccinelli over the summer as a right-wing zealot.
A Washington Post poll last week showed that two-thirds of Terry McAuliffe supporters said they were voting against Ken Cuccinelli, rather than for Terry McAuliffe.
The first police officer at the scene of Tupac Shakur's 1996 drive-by murder has revealed the last words spoken by Tupac Shakur.
The last words spoken by Tupac Shakur are not exactly peaceful.
Chris Carroll is a retired sergeant with the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.
Chris Carroll states that Tupac Shakur looked at him and took a breath to get the words out.
Chris Carroll states that Tupac Shakur opened his mouth.
Chris Carroll states that the words that came out were: 'F**k you.'
Tupac Shakur was shot multiple times on September 7th, 1996.
Tupac Shakur left a boxing match with former Death Row Records CEO Suge Knight.
Tupac Shakur and his bodyguards got into a scuffle with Orlando Anderson.
Orlando Anderson was a 21-year-old Crips gang member.
The scuffle took place in the lobby of the MGM Grand casino.
Chris Carroll worked with the city's bike patrol unit.
Chris Carroll had also been watching the same Mike Tyson fight.
Chris Carroll was unaware of the brawl taking place in the lobby.
A white Cadillac pulled up beside Suge Knight and Tupac Shakur while they were stopped at a traffic light.
One man began shooting out of the back window of the white Cadillac.
Chris Carroll was the first officer to respond to the grisly scene.
Chris Carroll grabbed the car door and tried to open it, but he could not get it open.
Suge Knight kept coming up on Chris Carroll's back.
Chris Carroll was pointing his gun at Suge Knight.
Chris Carroll was yelling, 'You guys lay down! And you, get the f**k away from me!'
Every time Chris Carroll pointed the gun at Suge Knight, Suge Knight backed off and lifted his hands up.
Chris Carroll went back to the car, and Suge Knight came again.
Chris Carroll expressed frustration by saying, 'F**ker, back off!'
Suge Knight is described as huge.
Suge Knight was running around at the scene and gushing blood from his head.
Suge Knight had clearly been hit in the head.
Chris Carroll could not believe that Suge Knight was running around and doing what he was doing while yelling back and forth.
Paul and Arthur shared a bachelor residence in Mayfair.
Paul purchased the bachelor residence in Mayfair.
Paul is the sole proprietor of the bachelor residence in Mayfair.
Arthur used the bachelor residence in Mayfair whenever he could get leave from his regiment.
Paul found his brother Arthur on the morning of his arrival in London.
Paul and Arthur shook hands in silence.
Paul did not wish to say anything for a moment.
Arthur's appearance had choked Paul.
It was one o'clock when Paul arrived.
Arthur was still in his dressing-gown at one o'clock.
Arthur had sunken, pale cheeks.
Arthur had one bright spot on his cheeks.
Arthur had faint, dark rims underneath his eyes.
There was a pile of blue papers on the table before Arthur.
There were some ominous-looking envelopes on the table before Arthur.
Paul noticed the intense pallor of Arthur's hand which rested upon the blue papers and ominous-looking envelopes.
Arthur said, 'I wish you would let a fellow know what time you were coming.'
Arthur said this rather peevishly, but with an attempt at a smile.
Arthur did not expect Paul until evening.
Arthur was having a shack before dressing.
Arthur was late the previous night.
Paul banished his gravity as far as possible.
Paul stood with his hands in his pockets.
Paul leaned against the mantel-piece.
Paul heartily disliked the part of mentor.
Paul did not wish to play the part of mentor unless he were obliged.
Paul said, 'It was beastly early to get up.'
Paul said this in reference to his arrival time.
Paul said, 'The connection at Normanton is so much better.'
Paul mentioned that one has to wait two hours by the late train.
Paul described Normanton as such a hole.
Paul expressed uncertainty about coming up to town at all just yet.
Paul mentioned that he is on the committee at the club this term.
Paul has not attended a single meeting at the club yet.
Paul promised Westover to put him up this time.
The half-yearly meeting at the club is to-morrow.
Paul asked Arthur if he had any engagement.
If Arthur does not have any engagement, Paul invited him to dine with him at the club.
Paul mentioned that it is always a full night during election time at the club.
Lisa has a pet cat named Whiskers.
Whiskers is black with a white spot on her chest.
Whiskers has white paws that look like little white mittens.
Whiskers likes to sleep in the sun on her favorite chair.
Whiskers likes to drink creamy milk.
Lisa is excited because on Saturday, Whiskers turns two years old.
After school on Friday, Lisa rushes to the pet store.
Lisa wants to buy birthday presents for Whiskers.
Last year, Lisa gave Whiskers a play mouse.
Last year, Lisa gave Whiskers a blue feather.
For this birthday, Lisa is going to give Whiskers a red ball of yarn.
For this birthday, Lisa is going to give Whiskers a bowl with a picture of a cat on the side.
The picture on the bowl is of a black cat.
The black cat in the picture looks a lot like Whiskers.
One of the jurors who acquitted George Zimmerman said she had no doubt George Zimmerman feared for his life in the final moments of his struggle with Trayvon Martin.
The fear for his life was the definitive factor in the verdict.
The woman was identified just as Juror B37.
Juror B37 spoke exclusively to CNN's Anderson Cooper 360 on Monday night.
Juror B37 is the first juror to speak publicly about the case.
Juror B37 believes George Zimmerman's heart was in the right place the night he shot Trayvon Martin.
Juror B37 stated that George Zimmerman didn't use good judgment in confronting Trayvon Martin.
Juror B37 thinks George Zimmerman is a man whose heart was in the right place.
Juror B37 believes George Zimmerman's heart was displaced by the vandalism in the neighborhoods.
Juror B37 believes George Zimmerman wanted to catch the people responsible for the vandalism so badly that he went above and beyond what he really should have done.
Juror B37 thinks George Zimmerman's heart was in the right place, but the situation went terribly wrong.
Juror B37 stated that if anything, George Zimmerman was guilty of not using good judgment.
Juror B37 said that when George Zimmerman was in the car and had called 911, he shouldn't have gotten out of that car.
Juror B37 believes Trayvon Martin threw the first punch in the confrontation that followed.
Juror B37 thinks George Zimmerman got in a little bit too deep and shouldn't have been there.
Juror B37 believes Trayvon Martin decided that he wasn't going to let George Zimmerman scare him.
Juror B37 thinks Trayvon Martin got mad and attacked George Zimmerman.
Writing articles about films for The Front Page was the first proper job of the author.
Before writing for The Front Page, the author had done bits of reviewing.
The author reviewed novels for other newspapers.
The author reviewed films for a magazine.
The author did anything that was asked to do for the radio.
The author met Tom Seaton while doing bits of reviewing.
Tom Seaton was the first arts editor of The Front Page.
Tom Seaton had also written for television.
Tom Seaton hired the author.
Tom Seaton was not primarily a journalist.
If Tom Seaton had been primarily a journalist, he would have been more careful in choosing his staff.
Tom Seaton's idea was that a team of critics should take care of art forms that didn't require specialized knowledge.
The art forms that didn't require specialized knowledge included books, TV, theatre, film, and radio.
There would be a weekly lunch at which the team would make choices from the artistic material.
Tom Seaton decided what artistic material the team should cover.
There would also be guests at the weekly lunch to make the atmosphere sociable.
At that time, it all felt like a bit of a dream for the author.
The author was part of a new newspaper team.
It seemed unlikely that a paper could be introduced into a crowded market.
It seemed just as likely that a millionaire wanted to help the author personally.
The author's lack of self-confidence contributed to their feelings of doubt.
Tom Seaton's original scheme for a team of critics for the arts never took off.
The idea of a team of critics was good.
The team did not get together as planned.
Everything was done by phone instead of in person.
The general public preferred to associate a reviewer with a single subject area.
The author chose film as their subject area.
Without Tom Seaton's initial push, the author and the team would hardly have come up with the present arrangement.
The present arrangement involves the author writing an extended weekly piece, usually on one film.
The space given to the author allows them to broaden their argument.
The space can also force the author to make something out of nothing in an uninteresting week.
The author questions their role in the public arena.
The author assumes that people choose what films to go to based on the stars, the publicity, or the director.
The author questions the purpose of a film review if it isn't a consumer guide.
The author does not feel a responsibility to be 'right' about a movie.
The author does not think there should be a certain number of 'great' and 'bad' films each year.
The author's responsibility is to put forward an argument.
The author does not consider themselves a judge.
The author does not want to be a judge.
Most consumer goods companies are seeking opportunities in China.
Domestic condom maker Safedom is seeking European partners or acquisitions.
Safedom's efforts are part of a bid to go global.
Safedom is majority-owned by its founder.
Safedom has grown rapidly in its short life.
Safedom will sell 200 million condoms this year.
All of the condoms sold by Safedom this year will be within China.
Safedom is targeting sales of 1 billion condoms next year.
Durex is the world's biggest player in the condom market.
Durex was producing 1 billion condoms in China within three years.
Brian Fu is the chief executive of Safedom.
Brian Fu was in the UK last week.
Brian Fu was meeting potential partners and acquisitions in the UK.
Funding for any deal will come from existing shareholders.
Funding for any deal may come from bank loans.
Funding for any deal may come from an overseas stock market listing.
Safedom sees its future on the international stage.
Safedom's virus-proof latex condoms will enable it to compete alongside global players.
Durex is now part of Reckitt Benckiser.
Ansell is a global player from Australia.
Mr. Fu said that the strength of Safedom was in manufacturing and technology.
Going global requires bringing in branding and marketing expertise.
Sales outlets and channels are likely to vary from China.
Half of all condoms in China are bought by women.
Mr. Fu believes that Safedom has good leading edge technology.
Mr. Fu believes that Safedom has a good management team.
Mr. Fu said that Safedom lacks branding expertise.
Mr. Fu stated that Safedom is not well known.
Some weeks before Elsa's forced marriage in the Red Mill, Foy had been carried upon the naked back of Martin to the shelter of Mother Martha's lair in the Haarlemer Meer.
Foy lay sick for many days.
The sword cut in Foy's thigh festered badly.
At one time, Foy's life was threatened by gangrene.
Foy's own strength and healthy constitution helped cure him.
Martha's simples also helped cure Foy.
As soon as Foy was strong again, he travelled into Leyden.
Martin accompanied Foy on his journey to Leyden.
It was now safe enough for Foy to visit Leyden since the Spaniards were driven from the town.
Foy's young heart swelled as he approached the well-known house in the Bree Straat.
The well-known house in the Bree Straat was the home that sheltered Foy's mother and his love.
Foy would soon see his mother and his love again.
The news had been brought to Foy that Lysbeth was out of danger.
Elsa must still be nursing Lysbeth.
Foy found Lysbeth turned into an old woman by grief and sore sickness.
Foy did not find Elsa.
Elsa had vanished.
On the previous night, Elsa had gone out to take the air.
Elsa did not return after going out to take the air.
None could say what had become of Elsa.
All the town talked about Elsa's disappearance.
Foy's mother was half-crazed with anxiety and fear.
Foy's mother had fear of the worst regarding Elsa's disappearance.
A One Day International (ODI) is a form of limited overs cricket.
A One Day International is played between two teams with international status.
In a One Day International, each team faces a fixed number of overs, usually 50.
The Cricket World Cup is played in the One Day International format.
One Day International matches are also called Limited Overs Internationals (LOI).
The term Limited Overs Internationals (LOI) may also refer to Twenty20 International matches.
One Day International matches are major matches.
One Day International matches are considered the highest standard of List A, limited overs competition.
The international one-day game is a late twentieth-century development.
The first One Day International was played on 5 January 1971.
The first One Day International was played between Australia and England.
The first One Day International was played at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
The first One Day International was played after the first three days of the third Test were washed out.
Officials decided to abandon the match and play a one-off one day game consisting of 40 eight-ball overs per side.
Australia won the first One Day International by 5 wickets.
One Day Internationals were played in white kits with a red ball.
In the late 1970s, Kerry Packer established the rival World Series Cricket competition.
World Series Cricket introduced many features of One Day International cricket that are now commonplace.
Commonplace features introduced by World Series Cricket include coloured uniforms.
Commonplace features introduced by World Series Cricket include matches played at night under floodlights with a white ball.
Commonplace features introduced by World Series Cricket include dark sight screens.
Commonplace features introduced by World Series Cricket include multiple camera angles for television broadcasts.
Commonplace features introduced by World Series Cricket include effects microphones to capture sounds from the players on the pitch.
Commonplace features introduced by World Series Cricket include on-screen graphics.
The first match with coloured uniforms was played between WSC Australians in wattle gold and WSC West Indians in coral pink.
The first match with coloured uniforms was played at VFL Park in Melbourne on 17 January 1979.
Kerry Packer's Channel 9 got the TV rights to cricket in Australia as a result of World Series Cricket.
Players worldwide began to be paid to play cricket as a result of World Series Cricket.
Players worldwide became international professionals and no longer needed jobs outside cricket as a result of World Series Cricket.
Matches played with coloured kits and a white ball became more commonplace over time.
The use of white flannels and a red ball in One Day Internationals was finally abandoned in 2001.
Billy Byrne swung along his lonely way through the balance of the day and all during the long night.
Billy Byrne was retracing the familiar steps of the journey that had brought Barbara Harding and Billy Byrne to the little island in the turbulent river.
Just before dawn, Billy Byrne came to the edge of the clearing behind the dwelling of the late Oda Yorimoto.
Billy Byrne was sure that the two prisoners lay somewhere within the silent village.
During the long march, Billy Byrne had thrashed over again and again all that the success of his rash venture would mean to him.
Of all those who might conceivably stand between Billy Byrne and the woman he loved, the woman who had just acknowledged that she loved Billy Byrne, these two men were the most to be feared.
Billy Byrne did not believe that Anthony Harding would look with favor upon the Grand Avenue mucker as a prospective son-in-law.
Billy Byrne was sure that Barbara Harding had loved Mallory.
Billy Byrne believed that if Mallory were restored to Barbara Harding as from the grave, there seemed little doubt that the old love would be aroused in Barbara Harding's breast.
Billy Byrne could not conceive the truth of the testimony of his own ears.
Billy Byrne scarcely dared believe that the wonderful Miss Harding loved him.
Billy Byrne considered himself the despised mucker.
The depth of Billy Byrne's love for Barbara Harding and the genuineness of his new-found character were proven beyond question.
Billy Byrne put away every thought of himself and the consequences to him in the matter he had undertaken with relentless severity.
The character referred to as 'he' was a wight of high renown.
The character referred to as 'thou' is of low degree.
Pride pulls the country down.
The phrase 'take thine auld cloak about thee' is attributed to Shakespeare.
The canoe did not reach the mouth of the river until near evening of the third day of its navigation.
The distance of the journey was considerable.
The obstacles that lay in the way brought the travellers to the end of their journey at a late period.
As the canoe drew nearer to the place where Gershom had left his wife and sister, le Bourdon detected signs of interest in his companion.
The interest in the welfare of Gershom's wife and sister indicated a certain feverish uneasiness in le Bourdon's companion.
The feverish uneasiness suggested that all might not be well with Gershom's wife and sister.
The signs of interest in the welfare of Gershom's wife and sister said something in favor of le Bourdon's companion's heart.
There might be arguments against le Bourdon's companion's prudence and care in leaving Gershom's wife and sister alone.
Whiskey Centre expressed concern about leaving two women by themselves in a lonesome place.
Whiskey Centre stated that liquor affects a person's ability to think properly.
Whiskey Centre praised God upon seeing the hut.
Whiskey Centre observed smoke coming out of the hut.
Whiskey Centre asked Bourdon to look because he could scarcely see.
Bourdon confirmed that there is the house and that there is certainly smoke rising from it.
Bob was happy.
Bob was at a new school.
The other students were friendly.
The other students said, 'Hi, Bob!'
Some students said, 'Hi, Peter!'
Bob didn't understand why some students called him Peter.
Bob asked another student why some students called him Peter.
The other student said that it was easy to answer.
Peter was a student at the school last year.
Peter goes to a different school now.
Bob liked Peter.
Some students think that Bob is Peter.
Bob wanted to meet Peter.
Bob got Peter's address from a student.
Bob went to Peter's house.
Peter opened the door.
Bob couldn't believe his eyes.
Bob looked really like Peter.
Bob and Peter had the same color eyes.
Bob and Peter had the same smile.
Bob and Peter had the same black hair.
Bob and Peter had the same birthday.
Bob and Peter found out that they were twin brothers.
Bob was adopted by one family.
Peter was adopted by another family.
Soon after Bob and Peter were born, one family adopted Bob.
Soon after Bob and Peter were born, another family adopted Peter.
Bob's family never knew about Peter.
Peter's family never knew about Bob.
The Six-Day War is also known as the June War.
The Six-Day War is also known as the 1967 ArabIsraeli War.
The Six-Day War is also known as the Third ArabIsraeli War.
The Six-Day War was fought between June 5 and June 10, 1967.
The Six-Day War was fought by Israel and the neighboring states of Egypt, Jordan, and Syria.
At the time of the Six-Day War, Egypt was known as the United Arab Republic.
Relations between Israel and its neighbors had never fully normalized following the 1948 ArabIsraeli War.
In 1956, Israel invaded the Egyptian Sinai.
One of the objectives of Israel's invasion of the Egyptian Sinai was the reopening of the Straits of Tiran.
Egypt had blocked the Straits of Tiran to Israeli shipping since 1950.
Israel was subsequently forced to withdraw from the Egyptian Sinai.
Israel won a guarantee that the Straits of Tiran would remain open after its withdrawal.
The United Nations Emergency Force was deployed along the border between Israel and Egypt.
There was no demilitarization agreement between Israel and Egypt.
In the period leading up to June 1967, tensions became dangerously heightened.
Israel reiterated its post-1956 position that the closure of the Straits of Tiran to its shipping would be a 'casus belli.'
In late May 1967, Nasser announced that the Straits of Tiran would be closed to Israeli vessels.
Egypt mobilized its forces along its border with Israel.
On June 5, 1967, Israel launched a series of preemptive airstrikes against Egyptian airfields.
Israel claimed that the airstrikes against Egyptian airfields were preemptive.
Claims and counterclaims relating to the series of events leading up to the Six-Day War are one of a number of controversies relating to the conflict.
Ron Meyer is the president and COO of Universal Studios.
Ron Meyer is one of the most successful business leaders in Hollywood.
Ron Meyer heads up Universal Pictures.
Ron Meyer heads up Universal Parks & Resorts.
Ron Meyer oversees the production of multimillion-dollar extravaganzas.
Ron Meyer oversees the production of King Kong.
Ron Meyer oversees the production of Cinderella Man.
Ron Meyer's story sounds like the plot of one of his motion pictures.
Ron Meyer grew up in a modest home where there was little income.
It was a big deal for Ron Meyer to go to a restaurant.
At 15, Ron Meyer quit high school.
Ron Meyer spent his time hanging out with the neighborhood toughs.
Ron Meyer was a kid quick with his fists.
Ron Meyer seemed to get into fights somewhat regularly.
At one point, Ron Meyer was separated from others with an infectious disease.
Ron Meyer had no TV and nothing to do during his separation.
Ron Meyer's mother sent him two books.
One book sent to Ron Meyer was The Amboy Dukes, a novel about kids in street gangs.
The other book sent to Ron Meyer was The Flesh Peddlers, about a guy in the talent agency who lived a successful life.
Ron Meyer realized that he was no longer that silly kid he had been.
Ron Meyer wanted to change his life.
Ron Meyer took any job he could get.
Ron Meyer worked as a busboy.
Ron Meyer worked as a short-order cook.
Ron Meyer cleaned offices.
Ron Meyer sold shoes.
Ron Meyer's attitude made an impression on people.
One day, Ron Meyer received a call from Paul Kohner.
Paul Kohner was a successful agent who represented stars like John Huston, Charles Bronson, and Lana Turner.
Paul Kohner's messenger and driver had quit.
Paul Kohner and his team knew Ron Meyer was willing to take whatever job they offered.
Ron Meyer started the job the next day.
Ron Meyer was lucky to work with a good boss.
In nearly six years of driving for Paul Kohner, Ron Meyer became his right-hand man.
Ron Meyer learned a lot while working for Paul Kohner.
By the 1970s, Ron Meyer had built many relationships in the business.
In 1975, fate presented an opportunity to Ron Meyer.
Ron Meyer started his own operation called Creative Artists Agency.
Creative Artists Agency became a huge success.
Creative Artists Agency represented Hollywood legends like Barbra Streisand, Tom Hanks, and Tom Cruise.
Twenty years later, Ron Meyer was appointed to run Universal Studios.
The position of running Universal Studios was far beyond Ron Meyer's youthful dream.
Once Ron Meyer saw success was possible, he was driven to achieve it.
Today, Ron Meyer's colleagues regularly owe his success to his humility and perseverance.
Ron Meyer's level of success takes determination, personality, and intelligence.
Ron Meyer's level of success can come from either a college education or from the street.
Lew Flapp spoke in a loud, overbearing voice.
A crowd began to collect in the corner where the punching apparatus was located.
More than one cadet asked, 'What's up?'
The report was that Lew Flapp and Dick Rover were going to try to beat each other at punching the bag.
A student commented that Dick Rover would have to do his best.
The student stated that Lew Flapp is a prime one at bag punching.
The student noted that bag punching is about the only thing Lew Flapp can do real well.
Another student put in that this isn't a fair contest.
The student explained that Lew Flapp took lessons from a man who used to do bag-punching on the vaudeville stage.
A student advised that if that is true, Dick Rover should not try to beat Lew Flapp.
Dick Rover heard some of this talk but said nothing.
Dick Rover was soon ready for the trial.
Dick Rover stepped up to the punching bag.
Dick Rover began to undo the top strap of the punching bag.
Lew Flapp blustered that the bag is all right.
Dick Rover answered that the bag is all right for Lew Flapp.
Dick Rover reminded Lew Flapp that he is not quite so tall.
Dick Rover stated that he must have the bag an inch lower.
Lew Flapp remarked that Dick Rover seems to be mighty particular.
Dick Rover asserted that he has a right to be particular.
Dick Rover explained that when Lew Flapp does his punching, he can raise the bag as high as he pleases.
Several students standing near agreed with Dick Rover's statement.
By this time, Larry was on the floor again.
Larry came up to learn what Dick Rover was doing.
Larry whispered to Dick Rover that they tell him Lew Flapp is the best bag-puncher here.
Dick Rover replied that he can't help it.
Ordination is the process by which individuals are consecrated.
Individuals who are consecrated are set apart as clergy to perform various religious rites and ceremonies.
The process and ceremonies of ordination vary by religion and denomination.
An individual who is in preparation for, or who is undergoing the process of ordination is sometimes called an ordinand.
The liturgy used at an ordination is sometimes referred to as an ordination.
The tradition of the ordained monastic community is called 'sangha'.
The tradition of the ordained monastic community began with the Buddha.
The Buddha established orders of monks.
The Buddha established orders of nuns.
The procedure of ordination in Buddhism is laid down in the Vinaya and Patimokkha or Pratimoksha scriptures.
There exist three intact ordination lineages nowadays.
One can receive an ordination according to the Buddha's teachings in the three intact ordination lineages.
Saicho repeatedly requested that the Japanese government allow the construction of a Mahayana ordination platform.
Permission for the construction of the Mahayana ordination platform was granted in 822 CE.
Permission was granted seven days after Saicho died.
The Mahayana ordination platform was finished in 827 CE at Enryaku-ji temple on Mount Hiei.
The Mahayana ordination platform was the first in Japan.
Prior to the Mahayana ordination platform, those wishing to become monks or nuns were ordained using the Hinayana precepts.
After the Mahayana ordination platform, people were ordained with the Bodhisattva precepts.
The Bodhisattva precepts are listed in the Brahma Net Sutra.
Weimar Republic was an unofficial, historical designation for the German state between 1919 and 1933.
The name Weimar Republic derives from the city of Weimar.
The constitutional assembly of the Weimar Republic first took place in the city of Weimar.
The official name of the state was 'Deutsches Reich'.
The official name of the state had remained unchanged since 1871.
In English, the country was usually known simply as Germany.
A national assembly was convened in Weimar.
A new constitution for the 'Deutsches Reich' was written in the national assembly.
The new constitution for the 'Deutsches Reich' was adopted on 11 August 1919.
The Weimar Republic faced numerous problems during its fourteen years.
The problems faced by the Weimar Republic included hyperinflation.
The problems faced by the Weimar Republic included political extremism.
Political extremism included paramilitaries that were both left- and right-wing.
The Weimar Republic had contentious relationships with the victors of the First World War.
The people of Germany blamed the Weimar Republic for the country's defeat in the First World War.
The people of Germany blamed the Weimar Republic for the humiliating terms of the Treaty of Versailles.
Weimar Germany fulfilled most of the requirements of the Treaty of Versailles.
Weimar Germany never completely met its disarmament requirements.
Weimar Germany eventually paid only a small portion of the war reparations.
Weimar Germany restructured its debt through the Dawes Plan.
Weimar Germany restructured its debt through the Young Plan.
Under the Locarno Treaties, Germany accepted the western borders of the republic.
Germany continued to dispute the Eastern border.
The quote by Scott questions whether piety can heal discord or stanch the enmity of a death-feud.
It must not be supposed that the history of Guy's mind was expressed by Guy himself.
It must not be supposed that the history of Guy's mind was understood by Mrs. Edmonstone.
Mrs. Edmonstone saw enough to guess at Guy's character.
Mrs. Edmonstone perceived the sort of guidance that Guy needed.
Mrs. Edmonstone was doubly interested in Guy.
Mrs. Edmonstone wished that Guy could have a friend like her brother.
Mrs. Edmonstone hoped that nothing would prevent a friendship between Guy and her nephew.
Mrs. Edmonstone thought the present question about the horse was unfortunate.
Guy had exercised great self-denial regarding the horse.
It was no wonder that Philip was annoyed about the horse.
Mr. Edmonstone's vexation was soon over.
Mrs. Edmonstone persuaded Mr. Edmonstone that there had been no offence.
Mr. Edmonstone strove to say with good grace that it was very proper.
Mr. Edmonstone told Guy that he would be a thorough book-worm and tremendous scholar.
Guy took Mr. Edmonstone's comment as an excellent joke.
Philip had made up his mind to be forbearing.
Philip decided to say no more about the horse.
Laura thought it was a pity that Philip would not discuss the matter further.
Laura believed that they could never come to an understanding without discussion.
When Laura hinted at her thoughts, Philip wore a dignified air of not being offended.
Laura felt ashamed of having tried to direct Philip.
Guy had no idea of the trouble he had caused.
Guy bestowed his thanks in a gay, off-hand way.
Philip thought Guy's off-hand thanks were the worst feature of the case.
Guy did his best to bring Hecuba back into his mind.
Guy tried to drive the hunters out of his mind.
Guy aimed to appease the much-aggrieved William of Deloraine.
The Arena Football League is the highest level of professional indoor American football in the United States.
The Arena Football League was founded in 1987 by Jim Foster.
The Arena Football League is the third longest-running professional football league in North America.
The Canadian Football League is one of the leagues that is longer-running than the Arena Football League.
The National Football League is one of the leagues that is longer-running than the Arena Football League.
The Arena Football League is played indoors on a 68-yard field.
A 68-yard field is about half the distance of an NFL field.
The Arena Football League results in a faster-paced and higher-scoring game.
The sport of arena football was invented in the early 1980s.
Jim Foster patented the sport of arena football.
Jim Foster was a former executive of the United States Football League.
Jim Foster was a former executive of the National Football League.
For its 2015 season, the Arena Football League consisted of 12 teams.
All teams in the 2015 season of the Arena Football League were from the United States.
Upon the completion of the regular season in 2015, the Arena Football League announced that two teams would cease all operations effective immediately.
A regular season game slated between the two teams that ceased operations had previously been canceled and declared a tie.
One of the remaining teams in the Arena Football League, the Spokane Shock, severed its ties with the league.
The Spokane Shock joined the competing Indoor Football League.
The Arena Football League is divided into two conferences.
The two conferences of the Arena Football League are the American Conference and the National Conference.
Starting in 2016, each conference of the Arena Football League will have only four teams.
The champion San Jose SaberCats announced in November 2015 that they were ceasing activity for reasons not associated with League operations.
Germany is officially known as the Federal Republic of Germany.
Germany is a federal parliamentary republic.
Germany is located in central-western Europe.
Germany includes 16 constituent states.
Germany covers an area of unspecified size.
Germany has a largely temperate seasonal climate.
Germany has about 82 million inhabitants.
Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union.
Germany is the second most popular immigration destination in the world after the United States.
Berlin is the capital of Germany.
Berlin is the largest metropolis in Germany.
The Ruhr is the largest conurbation in Germany.
Dortmund and Essen are the main centres of the Ruhr.
The other major cities in Germany include Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Dsseldorf, Leipzig, Bremen, Dresden, Hannover, and Nuremberg.
Various Germanic tribes have inhabited the northern parts of modern Germany since classical antiquity.
A region named Germania was documented before 100 AD.
During the Migration Period, the Germanic tribes expanded southward.
Beginning in the 10th century, German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire.
During the 16th century, northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation.
After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire, the German Confederation was formed in 1815.
The German revolutions of 184849 resulted in the Frankfurt Parliament establishing major democratic rights.
In 1871, Germany became a nation state.
Most of the German states unified into the Prussian-dominated German Empire in 1871.
After World War I and the German Revolution of 191819, the German Empire was replaced by the parliamentary Weimar Republic.
In 1933, the Nazi seizure of power quickly led to the establishment of Nazi Germany.
Nazi Germany was built upon a dictatorship.
Nazi Germany consequently led to World War II and the Holocaust.
After the end of World War II in Europe, two German states were founded.
The two German states were the democratic West Germany and the socialist East Germany.
Following the Revolutions of 1989, which ended communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe, Germany was reunified on 3 October 1990.
Spain and its autonomous communities are divided into fifty provinces.
The singular form of the word 'province' in Spanish is 'provincia'.
Ceuta is not part of any provinces.
Melilla is not part of any provinces.
The Plazas de soberana are not part of any provinces.
The layout of Spain's provinces closely follows the pattern of the territorial division of the country carried out in 1833.
The only major change of provincial borders since 1833 has been the sub-division of the Canary Islands into two provinces rather than one.
Historically, the provinces served mainly as transmission belts for policies enacted in Madrid.
Spain was a highly centralised state for most of its history.
The importance of the provinces has declined since the adoption of the system of autonomous communities.
The system of autonomous communities was adopted during the period of the Spanish transition to democracy.
Provinces remain electoral districts for national elections.
Provinces serve as geographical references in postal addresses.
Provinces serve as geographical references in telephone codes.
A small town would normally be identified as being in Valladolid province rather than the autonomous community of Castile and Len.
The provinces were the building-blocks from which the autonomous communities were created.
No province is divided between more than one autonomous community.
Most of the provinces are named after their principal town.
The exceptions to the naming convention of provinces are lava/Araba, Asturias/Asturies, Bizkaia/Vizcaya, Cantabria, Gipuzkoa/Gipzcoa, Illes Balears/Islas Baleares, La Rioja, and Nafarroa/Navarra.
Only two capitals of autonomous communities are not also the capitals of provinces.
Mrida is the capital of Extremadura.
Santiago de Compostela is the capital of Galicia.
Since the Protestant Reformation, the most prominent Christian denomination in Thuringia has been Lutheranism.
During the GDR period, church membership was discouraged.
Church membership has continued shrinking since the reunification in 1990.
Today, over two thirds of the population in Thuringia is non-religious.
The Protestant Evangelical Church in Germany has had the largest number of members in Thuringia.
In 2009, 24.0% of the population in Thuringia adhered to the Protestant Evangelical Church in Germany.
Members of the Catholic Church formed 7.8% of the population in Thuringia.
68.2% of Thuringians were non-religious or adhered to other faiths.
The highest Protestant concentrations are in the small villages of southern and western Thuringia.
The bigger cities in Thuringia are even more non-religious, with up to 88% non-religious in Gera.
Catholic regions in Thuringia include the Eichsfeld in the northwest.
Catholic regions in Thuringia also include parts of the Rhn Mountains around Geisa in the southwest.
Protestant church membership in Thuringia is shrinking rapidly.
The Catholic Church in Thuringia is somewhat more stable due to Catholic migration from Poland.
The Catholic Church in Thuringia is somewhat more stable due to Catholic migration from Southern Europe.
The Catholic Church in Thuringia is somewhat more stable due to Catholic migration from West Germany.
Other religions play no significant role in Thuringia.
There are only a few thousand Muslims living in Thuringia.
The Muslims living in Thuringia are largely migrants.
There are about 750 Jews living in Thuringia.
The Jews living in Thuringia are mostly migrants from Russia.
There are some Orthodox communities of Eastern European migrants in Thuringia.
There are some traditional Protestant Free churches in Thuringia.
The traditional Protestant Free churches in Thuringia have no societal influence.
If a person were a pilot flying a plane, and suddenly the engine failed, the person would have to make a choice to eject or stay in the plane.
The choice for a pilot is very difficult.
If a pilot ejects, the pilot is wise, but the plane crashes.
If a pilot stays in the plane, the pilot risks his life.
Recently, Li Feng was a Chinese Air Force pilot who faced the choice of whether to eject or stay in the plane during a training exercise.
Li Feng is 38 years old.
The incident occurred on March 7.
Li Feng was flying a Jian-10 (Fighter-10) at an altitude of 4,500 meters.
A warning appeared on the plane's computer screen.
Li Feng realized the plane might fail at any moment.
Li Feng did a quick check of the engine.
Li Feng asked the base if he could return.
When the fighter was 7 km away from the airport, the engine stopped working.
The plane began to fall at a speed of 25 meters a second from an altitude of 1,160 meters.
Under Air Force rules, fighter pilots may eject if their aircraft loses engine power below 2,000 meters and can't be restarted.
Before Li Feng lost contact with the control tower, the commander in the air base asked him to eject.
Li Feng insisted on having another try.
Li Feng knew where the deadline to abandon the aircraft was.
Li Feng was prepared for the ejection.
Li Feng decided not to give up unless the fighter was totally out of control.
After 104 seconds, Li Feng was able to bring the fighter to a safe landing.
The plane only suffered slight damage.
Li's teacher, Xu Yongling, wrote in a text message to Li Feng after the landing, 'You are a hero! Congratulations!'
Xu Yongling said Li Feng was a cool-headed pilot and very professional.
Li Feng's brave and calm act saved the 200 million yuan aircraft.
Li Feng's act also gave him invaluable first-hand experience of dealing with an engine emergency.
For his outstanding performance, the Air Force recently awarded Li Feng a gold medal.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun.
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System.
Jupiter is a giant planet.
Jupiter has a mass that is one-thousandth that of the Sun.
Jupiter has a mass that is two and a half times that of all the other planets in the Solar System combined.
Jupiter and Saturn are gas giants.
Uranus and Neptune are ice giants.
Jupiter has been known to astronomers since antiquity.
The Romans named Jupiter after their god Jupiter.
When viewed from Earth, Jupiter can reach an apparent magnitude of 2.94.
Jupiter's reflected light is bright enough to cast shadows.
Jupiter is on average the third-brightest object in the night sky after the Moon and Venus.
Jupiter is primarily composed of hydrogen.
A quarter of Jupiter's mass is helium.
Helium comprises only about a tenth of the number of molecules in Jupiter.
Jupiter may have a rocky core of heavier elements.
Jupiter lacks a well-defined solid surface.
Jupiter has a rapid rotation.
Jupiter's shape is that of an oblate spheroid.
Jupiter has a slight but noticeable bulge around the equator.
Jupiter's outer atmosphere is visibly segregated into several bands at different latitudes.
The bands in Jupiter's outer atmosphere result in turbulence and storms along their interacting boundaries.
A prominent result of the turbulence and storms in Jupiter's atmosphere is the Great Red Spot.
The Great Red Spot is a giant storm.
The Great Red Spot is known to have existed since at least the 17th century.
The Great Red Spot was first seen by telescope in the 17th century.
Surrounding Jupiter is a faint planetary ring system.
Jupiter has a powerful magnetosphere.
Jupiter has at least 69 moons.
Jupiter includes the four large Galilean moons discovered by Galileo Galilei in 1610.
Ganymede is the largest of Jupiter's moons.
Ganymede has a diameter greater than that of the planet Mercury.
The Canada 2006 Census was a detailed enumeration of the Canadian population.
Census day was May 16, 2006.
The following census was the 2011 Census.
Canada's total population enumerated by the 2006 census was 31,612,897.
The count of 31,612,897 was lower than the official July 1, 2006 population estimate of 32,623,490 people.
Over 12.7 million households were expected to be counted.
32.5 million people were expected to be counted.
Canada Post delivered census forms by mail to 70% of the country.
The 70% of the country primarily included residents in urban areas.
Census enumerators delivered forms to the remaining 30% of households.
Every fifth home received the long questionnaire.
The long questionnaire contained 53 questions.
The short form contained 8 questions.
For the first time, Canadian residents were able to go online to fill in their forms.
Statistics Canada expected approximately 20% of households to file their surveys electronically.
Persistent census staff were contacting tardy households.
The total estimated cost of the 2006 census is $567 million.
The cost of the 2006 census is spread over seven years.
The 2006 census employed more than 25,000 full and part-time census workers.
Statistics Canada released various census data products as the data were compiled.
The first set of data products was released on March 13, 2007.
The first set of data products was originally scheduled for release on February 13, 2007.
The first set of data products covered population and dwelling counts by geographical unit.
The first set of data products was followed by other census data products.
Sometimes Karen likes to go to the library.
Karen has a friend named Michael.
Michael also likes the library.
Karen has another friend named James.
James does not like the library.
Karen and Michael like to read about different things.
Karen and Michael can learn about things that they don't know much about.
Karen and Michael like to read fun and exciting stories.
The librarian is named Mr. Hernandez.
Mr. Hernandez knows Michael and Karen.
Michael and Karen are in the library a lot.
Mr. Hernandez knows what kind of books Michael and Karen like.
When the library gets new books, Mr. Hernandez tells Karen and Michael about any books that he thinks they would like.
James only goes to the library when he has to read a book for class.
Mr. Hernandez does not know very much about James.
James does not go to the library often.
Karen's favorite books are about airplanes, cars, and trains.
Karen likes reading about how fast airplanes, cars, and trains can go.
Karen likes reading about the workers who build airplanes, cars, and trains.
When Karen grows up, she is going to buy a fast car.
When Karen grows up, she is going to travel to different states.
Michael likes books about dinosaurs, cowboys, and fireworks.
When Michael grows up, he is going to buy a costume.
When Michael grows up, he is going to dress up like a cowboy.
Rose asks Sandy to follow her after class.
Rose and Sandy go to the office together.
Rose tells Sandy that she is often absent and her grades are not as good as before.
Rose asks Sandy what has happened to her.
Sandy responds that it is nothing and thanks Rose for her care.
Rose asks Sandy if she is sure and tells her to inform her if she has any problem.
After school, Sandy and Jane are on the way home.
Jane tells Sandy that she called her yesterday.
Jane states that Sandy's mother told her that Sandy had a part-time job.
Jane asks Sandy what the matter is with her.
Jane reminds Sandy that they have to study hard during the year before taking the entrance examination.
Jane emphasizes that this year is very important to them.
Sandy starts crying.
Sandy reveals that her father has lost his job and they have no money to pay for all the spending.
Jane comforts Sandy and tells her not to worry.
Jane decides to tell Rose about Sandy's problem after the day.
Jane informs Rose that she has to tell her something about Sandy.
Rose asks Jane if she knows what is wrong with Sandy.
Jane mentions that she heard Sandy's father has lost his job and that Sandy has a part-time job.
Rose acknowledges that she understands.
Rose is in the social worker's office.
Rose tells the social worker everything about Sandy.
Justin, the social worker, acknowledges the information and states he will manage it as soon as he can.
In Sandy's home, Mrs. Lin is ill in bed.
Justin tells Mrs. Lin that he understands her feelings.
Justin explains that it is Sandy's time to study hard to enter a good senior high school and that she can't do a part-time job after class.
Mrs. Lin acknowledges what Justin wants to tell her.
Mrs. Lin reveals that Sandy's father hasn't found a job and that she has been ill in bed for several years.
Justin reassures Mrs. Lin that he can introduce some work he knows to her father.
Mrs. Lin expresses her gratitude to Justin.
Ninety-four's company were highly delighted with the news brought by Seth regarding Seth's progress.
Each man felt personally complimented by Mr. Fernald when Mr. Fernald advanced the amateur so rapidly.
All members of Ninety-four united in declaring that Josh was a right good fellow.
Seth was in the highest degree excited.
Seth had expected that his friends of Ninety-four would be pleased at learning of Seth's good fortune.
Seth never fancied that his friends of Ninety-four could be so deeply interested.
Seth began to understand what a gloom might be cast over Ninety-four if Seth should fail in this attempt to gain a foothold in the Department.
'Lish Davis would not be content until the boy gave an exhibition of what the boy had learned in the way of gymnastic exercises during the morning.
The exhibition was brought to a close amid the applause of all present.
The driver said in a tone of satisfaction that the boy was getting on in great shape.
The driver stated that if nothing happens to give the boy a pull-back, the boy ought to be well up in the drill between now and a year from that day.
Josh Fernald has the name of being precious hard on those who come under him for instruction.
The driver always allowed that Josh Fernald would boost along mighty fast anyone who struck his fancy.
Josh Fernald must have seen that the boy was in earnest.
When the driver talked with Josh Fernald, the best promise the driver could get was that Josh Fernald would look the boy over in the course of a month or two.
Major League Baseball suspended 13 players on Monday.
The suspension of 13 players was due to an investigation into the use of performance-enhancing drugs.
New York Yankees star Alex Rodriguez was one of the players suspended.
The league suspended Alex Rodriguez for 211 regular-season games through the 2014 season.
Alex Rodriguez is 38 years old.
Alex Rodriguez said he planned to appeal the suspension.
Twelve other players accepted 50-game suspensions without pay.
A-Rod and the other players are accused of having ties to the now-shuttered Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in south Florida.
A-Rod and the other players are accused of taking performance-enhancing drugs.
Alex Rodriguez has denied the accusation of taking performance-enhancing drugs.
Alex Rodriguez stated, 'I'm fighting for my life. I have to defend myself. If I don't defend myself, no one else will.'
Alex Rodriguez told reporters after the league announced its decision.
Alex Rodriguez described the last seven months as a 'nightmare.'
Alex Rodriguez said, 'It has been probably the worst time of my life for sure.'
Alex Rodriguez mentioned that the circumstances and dealing with a very tough surgery and a rehab program contributed to his difficult time.
Alex Rodriguez is 38 years old.
When asked directly whether he had used performance-enhancing drugs, Alex Rodriguez declined to comment repeatedly.
Alex Rodriguez stated, 'I think we'll have a forum to discuss all of that, and we'll talk about it then.'
Earlier, Alex Rodriguez issued a written statement expressing disappointment with the penalty.
Alex Rodriguez intends to appeal the suspension.
Alex Rodriguez thanked family, friends, and fans for their support.
Alex Rodriguez stressed that he was eager to get back on the field with his teammates.
The suspension of Alex Rodriguez is set to go into effect on Thursday, according to the league.
Officials said that Alex Rodriguez could keep playing if he appeals.
The phrase 'If I rest, I _' would be an excellent motto for those who are troubled by the slightest bit of idleness.
Even the most hard-working person might adopt the motto with advantage.
The motto serves as a reminder that if a person allows his abilities to rest, they will soon show signs of rust.
The iron in the unused key serves as an analogy for abilities that are not used.
Eventually, abilities that rest cannot do the work required of them.
Those who would attain the heights reached and kept by great men must keep their ability polished by constant use.
Keeping abilities polished allows individuals to unlock the doors of knowledge.
The doors of knowledge guard the entrances to the professions.
The doors of knowledge guard the entrances to science.
The doors of knowledge guard the entrances to art.
The doors of knowledge guard the entrances to literature.
The doors of knowledge guard the entrances to agriculture.
The doors of knowledge guard every department of human endeavor.
Industry keeps the key bright that opens the treasury of achievement.
Hugh Miller toiled all day in a quarry.
If Hugh Miller had devoted his evenings to rest and recreation, he would never have become a famous geologist.
Edmund Stone was a celebrated mathematician.
Edmund Stone would never have published a mathematical dictionary.
Edmund Stone would never have found the key to the science of mathematics if he had given his spare moments to idleness.
Ferguson was a little Scotch lad.
If Ferguson had allowed his busy brain to go to sleep while he tended sheep on the hillside, he would never have become a famous astronomer.
Ferguson calculated the position of the stars by a string of beads.
Labor defeats all.
Labor is not inconstant or ill-directed labor.
Labor is faithful, persistent, daily effort toward a well-directed purpose.
Industry is the price of noble and enduring success.
On a snowy winter morning, the brown-haired lady saw a squirrel that was hurt.
The squirrel only had three legs.
The squirrel looked hungry.
The brown-haired lady put some corn out for the squirrel to eat.
Other bully squirrels came to eat the corn.
The brown-haired lady started giving the little squirrel peanuts to eat.
The brown-haired lady gave some peanuts to the bully squirrels, too.
The brown-haired lady gave peanuts to the bully squirrels so they would leave the three-legged squirrel alone.
The winter snow melted.
Then it was spring.
The grass turned green.
The air was warm.
When the little squirrel with three legs would come to see the brown-haired lady, it would take the peanuts.
The little squirrel with three legs would dig a little hole and hide the peanuts for later.
The little squirrel with three legs would hold the peanut in its mouth.
The little squirrel with three legs would dig and dig and dig.
The little squirrel with three legs would put the peanut in the hole.
The little squirrel with three legs would pat the peanut down with its little front paw.
The little squirrel with three legs would run back over to the brown-haired lady.
The little squirrel with three legs would get some more peanuts to eat.
Bill and Sarah chose to meet at the park on Saturday.
Bill and Sarah chose to play ball at the park.
Bill and Sarah chose to have a picnic at the park.
Bill and Sarah went to the same grade school together.
Bill and Sarah lived on the same street down from the park.
Sarah does not often like boys.
For a boy, Bill was alright.
Most boys like Tom and Mark are stupid and a real pain.
Bill was a lot of fun to play with.
Bill didn't do dumb things like putting a booger on Sarah's back during recess.
When Bill and Sarah arrived at the park, they first played ball in the grass near the playground.
Then Bill and Sarah chose to pretend that Bill was a monster.
Sarah was the monster hunter.
Sarah chased Bill all over the playground.
Bill and Sarah went in and out and up and down.
Bill ran under the slide.
Bill stepped in a puddle.
Bill didn't get hurt.
Bill got plenty wet.
Playing the monster game was the most fun that Bill and Sarah had at the park that day.
Later Bill and Sarah sat in the grass for a picnic.
Bill and Sarah both took off their shoes.
Bill took off his shoes so that Bill's feet could dry off.
Bill took off his shoes so that Bill wouldn't feel silly without shoes.
Sarah took out her lunch.
Sarah laid her lunch out next to her.
Sarah had dried fruit.
Sarah had cheese.
Sarah had a peanut butter sandwich.
Bill opened his lunch bag.
Bill found a coke in his lunch bag.
Bill found a bag of chips in his lunch bag.
Bill found a ham salad sandwich in his lunch bag.
Sarah wanted to trade Bill his bag of chips for her fruit.
Bill said that would be a fair trade.
Bill and Sarah enjoyed their lunch together.
After Bill and Sarah had their lunch, they lay back in the grass.
Bill and Sarah watched the clouds.
Some clouds looked like animals or shapes.
Bill spotted one cloud that looked like a reindeer.
Sarah pointed to one cloud that looked like a drum.
Finally Bill and Sarah got up.
Bill and Sarah brushed off the grass.
Bill and Sarah headed for home.
Maxine was a happy frog.
Maxine lived in a beautiful pond by the river.
Maxine loved to play in the water.
Maxine took a bath every day.
Martin, Edgar, and Cindy were Maxine's friends.
Martin, Edgar, and Cindy didn't like to take baths.
One day, Maxine was swimming alone.
Maxine met a new friend named Thomas.
Thomas loved to take lots of baths.
Thomas became friends with Maxine.
Martin, Edgar, and Cindy didn't like Thomas.
One day, Maxine and Thomas were swimming.
Cindy did something mean.
Cindy threw rocks at Maxine and Thomas.
Maxine's dad saw what happened.
Maxine's dad was very mad.
Maxine's dad went over and yelled at Cindy for what she did.
After that, Cindy didn't throw any rocks.
Maxine and Thomas could swim together.
Maxine and Thomas could take lots of baths.
Maxine and Thomas were very happy.
Maxine and Thomas could play in the water as much as they wanted.
Other frogs were not mean to Maxine and Thomas.
Susan Boyle is a TV talent show star.
Susan Boyle will sing for Pope Benedict XVI during his visit to Scotland next month.
The Catholic Church in Scotland announced Susan Boyle's performance on Wednesday.
A church spokesman said in June that they were negotiating with Susan Boyle to perform.
Pope Benedict XVI is due to visit England and Scotland from September 16-19.
Susan Boyle will perform three times at Bellahouston Park in Glasgow on Thursday, September 16.
The Scottish Catholic Media Office confirmed Susan Boyle's performances.
Susan Boyle will sing with the 800-strong choir at the open-air Mass at Bellahouston Park.
In the pre-Mass program, Susan Boyle plans to sing the hymn 'How Great Thou Art.'
Susan Boyle plans to sing her signature song 'I Dreamed a Dream.'
'I Dreamed a Dream' is the tune from the musical 'Les Miserables' that shot Susan Boyle to fame in April 2009.
Susan Boyle stated that singing for the pope is a great honor and something she has always dreamed of.
Susan Boyle described her happiness about singing for Pope Benedict XVI as indescribable.
Susan Boyle believes that September 16 will stand out in her memory as something she has always wanted to do.
Susan Boyle has always wanted to sing for His Holiness, Pope Benedict XVI.
Susan Boyle's late mother was at the same Glasgow park when Pope John Paul II visited in 1982.
After the final hymn at the end of the Mass, Susan Boyle will sing a farewell song to Pope Benedict XVI as he leaves to go to the airport for his flight to London.
Two hours had gone by.
Caleb sat brooding in the office attached to the warehouse that Caleb had hired.
Caleb had fury in his heart.
Caleb had but one desire: to kill his successful rival, Marcus.
Marcus had escaped and returned to Rome.
There could be no doubt that Marcus had returned to Rome.
Marcus was one of the wealthiest of the patricians in Rome.
Marcus had furnished the vast sum which enabled old Nehushta to buy the coveted Pearl-Maiden in the slave-ring.
Marcus's newly acquired property had been taken to the house where Marcus awaited the Pearl-Maiden.
This was the end of the long rivalry between Caleb and Marcus.
Caleb had fought, toiled, schemed, and suffered for this rivalry.
Caleb would have preferred to see the Pearl-Maiden cast to the foul Domitian rather than be with Marcus.
Caleb believed that the Pearl-Maiden would have hated Domitian.
Caleb knew that the Pearl-Maiden loved Marcus.
Now there remained nothing but revenge for Caleb.
Caleb must be revenged, but he was uncertain how to achieve it.
Caleb considered dog Marcus and murder him.
If Caleb murdered Marcus, his own life would be hazarded.
Caleb knew well the fate that awaited the foreigner who dared to lift his hand against a Roman noble.
Caleb knew that the fate was especially dire for a Jew who dared to lift his hand against a Roman noble.
If Caleb hired others to do the work of murder, they might bear evidence against him.
Caleb did not wish to die.
Caleb believed that life seemed the only good that he had left.
While Caleb lived, he might still win Miriam after Marcus had ceased to live.
Caleb believed that after Marcus ceased to live, Miriam would be sold with Marcus's other slaves.
Caleb could buy Miriam at the rate such tarnished goods command.
Caleb decided he would do nothing to run himself into danger.
Caleb would wait, wait and watch for his opportunity.
The trip to the Manhattan wedding gown shop cannot be understood without further focusing on Marina.
Marina is the 14-year-old daughter of the narrator.
The narrator asked Marina to try on dresses.
The narrator took Marina to Kleinfeld.
Kleinfeld is a fancy store featured on the television program Say Yes to the Dress.
As the trip approached, the narrator asked Marina if she was excited.
Marina responded with 'Sure, Mom.'
Marina shrugged when responding.
Marina was more excited about getting a tattoo on her ankle to represent the narrator's fight with ALS than trying on $10,000 wedding gowns.
The narrator's sister is named Stephanie.
Stephanie arranged for a car with a wheelchair lift to drive the narrator, Marina, and herself from the hotel to Kleinfeld.
The car driver wheeled the narrator in.
At Kleinfeld, there were flower arrangements ten feet high.
The narrator felt like rolling into a dream at Kleinfeld.
The narrator was wearing a new black outfit.
Marina wore jean shorts, a sleeveless shirt, and sneakers.
The ladies at Kleinfeld pointed out rooms like tour guides.
The ladies at Kleinfeld named the designers on display: Alita Graham and Pnina Tornai.
With Marina walking beside the narrator, Stephanie pushed the narrator's chair up and down rows of dresses.
The dresses at Kleinfeld made Princess Diana's dress look modest.
Marina did not say a word during the visit.
The narrator and Marina turned a corner into the storage room.
Hundreds of dresses hung in plastic protector sleeves in the storage room.
Marina and the narrator were overwhelmed in the storage room.
The narrator asked Marina if she wanted to try one on.
Marina responded with 'OK' in her sharp, unsure voice.
The narrator asked Marina to tell them the style she would like.
Marina stood silent when asked about the style.
The narrator felt bad for bringing Marina and for forcing such an adult experience on her.
Marina picked an A-line dress.
The ladies of Kleinfeld picked the A-line dress for Marina.
Marina was too shocked to do more than nod.
As Marina took the gown into the dressing room, the narrator tried not to think of her little girl on her wedding day.
The narrator tried not to think of Marina as a baby in her arms.
The narrator tried not to think of Marina with her own baby in her arms one day.
The narrator tried not to think of Marina being embarrassed by her mother's plans.
The narrator is leaving money in her will for Marina's wedding dress.
Stephanie has promised to bring Marina back to Kleinfeld to purchase the wedding dress.
The narrator instructed Stephanie not to choose pure white for the wedding dress.
The narrator suggested ivory for the wedding dress.
The narrator advised Stephanie not to choose too much tulle for the wedding dress.
The narrator suggested lace for the wedding dress.
The narrator advised Stephanie to think royalty when picking a dress.
The narrator advised Stephanie to think of Princess Kate when picking a dress.
The narrator advised Stephanie to think of elegance when picking a dress.
The narrator advised Stephanie to consider long sleeves for the wedding dress.
The long sleeves make dresses more formal.
Marina came out wearing a sleeveless, flared dress.
Marina looked like a 14-year-old girl in the middle of a giant cupcake.
Marina expressed that she did not like the loose gown.
The narrator felt proud of Marina's response.
The narrator asked Marina about trying on a dress with long sleeves.
The ladies at Kleinfeld brought out a dress with long lace sleeves, an Empire collar, a ruched fitted waist, and a long, smooth silk skirt.
Marina disappeared into the dressing room with the new dress.
When the dressing room door opened, Marina looked a foot taller and a decade older.
The narrator could clearly see the beautiful woman Marina will be one day.
The narrator simply stared at Marina in the dress.
The narrator pondered what to do when glimpsing a moment she will not live to see.
The narrator dipped her head and told herself to breathe.
The narrator looked up and smiled at Marina.
Marina smiled back at the narrator.
The narrator worked her tongue into position to speak.
The narrator said, 'I like it.'
In that dress, Marina stood straight, shining brightly, and tall.
The narrator whispered, 'You are beautiful,' to Marina.
The narrator does not know if Marina heard her.
The narrator and Marina took some photos.
The narrator and Marina moved on, creating a memory.
Parents might tell older children to 'Act your age'.
Some researchers say that persons from thirteen to nineteen years old are acting their age.
Teenagers can look all grown up.
Studies have shown that the brains of teenagers are still developing.
The extent to which brain development explains teenage behavior is a subject of debate.
Jay Giedd is a leader in research on brain development at America's National Institutes of Health.
Doctor Jay Giedd has been studying a group of young people since 1991.
The group of young people visits Doctor Jay Giedd every two years for imaging tests of their brains.
Doctor Jay Giedd says considerable brain development continues in young people from the teenage years into the twenties.
A part of the brain called the dorsal-lateral prefrontal cortex appears especially undeveloped in teenagers.
Researchers believe that the dorsal-lateral prefrontal cortex controls judgment and consideration of risk.
The underdevelopment of the dorsal-lateral prefrontal cortex may explain why young people seem more willing to take risks like driving too fast.
Laurence Steinberg is a psychology professor at Temple University in Philadelphia.
Professor Laurence Steinberg says stronger laws and stronger parental control are needed to protect teens from themselves.
Stronger laws and stronger parental control include raising the age for driving.
Professor Laurence Steinberg says research shows that teenage brains are not fully equipped to control behavior.
Other researchers say there is not enough evidence to make a strong case for the findings about teenage brain development.
Robert Epstein is a visiting scholar at the University of California in San Diego.
Mr. Robert Epstein notes that teen behavior differs from culture to culture.
Mr. Robert Epstein says that behavior depends for the most part on socialization.
Mr. Robert Epstein believes that teenagers will demonstrate better, safer behavior if they spend more time with adults and are treated more like adults.
Mike Males works at the Center on Juvenile and Criminal Justice in San Francisco.
Mr. Mike Males suggests that the discussion about brainless teens could be an attempt to divert attention from the reality.
Mr. Mike Males writes in the New York Times that it is middle-aged adults whose behavior has worsened.
Mr. Mike Males questions why grown-ups do not act as if they have superior brains if that is the case.
Five minutes after Paula had left Dick, Dick was getting into a ranch motor car.
Dick was accompanied by Thayer, the Idaho buyer.
Dick was also accompanied by Naismith, the special correspondent for the Breeders' Gazette.
Wardman, the sheep manager, joined Dick, Thayer, and Naismith at the corrals.
Several thousand young Shropshire rams had been assembled for inspection at the corrals.
There was little need for conversation among Dick, Thayer, and Naismith.
Thayer was distinctly disappointed by the lack of conversation.
Thayer felt that the purchase of ten carloads of expensive creatures was momentous enough to merit much conversation.
Dick assured Thayer that the rams speak for themselves.
Dick turned aside to give data to Naismith for his impending article on Shropshires in California and the Northwest.
Ten minutes later, Dick advised Thayer not to bother to select the rams.
Dick told Thayer that the average quality of the rams was all top.
Dick stated that Thayer could spend a week picking his ten carloads and have no higher grade than if he had taken the first to hand.
Thayer was perturbed by Dick's cool assumption that the sale was already consummated.
Thayer had the sure knowledge that he had never seen such high quality of rams.
Thayer was nettled into changing his order to twenty carloads.
Thayer told Naismith that it was his first visit to Forrest's.
Thayer described Forrest as a wizard.
Thayer had been buying sheep in the East and importing them.
Thayer stated that the Shropshires won his judgment.
Thayer noted that he doubled his order for the rams.
Thayer believed that Idaho buyers would be wild for the Shropshires.
Thayer only had buying orders straight for six carloads.
Thayer had contingent buying orders for two carloads more based on his judgment.
Thayer expressed that if every buyer does not double his order when he sees the rams, he does not know sheep.
Thayer believed that the rams were the goods.
Thayer stated that if the rams do not increase the sheep game of Idaho, then Forrest is no breeder and Thayer is no buyer.
According to the Guinness Book of World Records, Sherlock Holmes is the most popular role in the movies.
Robert Downey Jr. hardly seems like the iconic Sherlock Holmes.
Robert Downey Jr. is too short and muscular.
Robert Downey Jr. strains to suggest the intellectual arrogance that comes easily to the English.
Robert Downey Jr. can take his place alongside such oddball castings as Buster Keaton, Charlton Heston, and George C. Scott.
Robert Downey Jr. is ideally suited to the purpose of director Guy Ritchie.
Guy Ritchie's purpose is not to dust off the grandfather's Conan Doyle.
Guy Ritchie's purpose is to juice today's kids with a quirky 19th century super sleuth.
The equation works both ways in these movies.
This version of Sherlock Holmes is more likely to get physical than his predecessors.
This version of Sherlock Holmes is even a bit of a boor.
This version of Sherlock Holmes is still a more cerebral action hero than is found in most blockbusters.
The period trappings help this franchise stand out from the crowd of comic book adaptations.
The period trappings include a seamless blend of CGI and location work.
Guy Ritchie and husband-and-wife screenwriters Kieran and Michele Mulroney map out a fast-moving Victorian adventure.
The Victorian adventure is ridiculously digressive.
The Victorian adventure crisscrosses Europe by horseless carriage, train, boat, and, in Sherlock's case, pony.
Just down the road from 221 Baker Street, workers are digging a tunnel for what will become the London Underground.
The Industrial Age is beginning to stretch its muscles.
A series of terrorist atrocities are gnawing at the fragile understanding between the great European powers.
Sherlock Holmes detects something other than social unrest behind the bombings.
Sherlock Holmes detects an evil master plan leading inexorably to his nemesis.
Sherlock Holmes's nemesis is Professor Moriarty.
Jared Harris plays the role of Professor Moriarty.
Three Pakistani cricketers found guilty of corruption pleaded for leniency on Wednesday ahead of their sentencing in a British court.
The three Pakistani cricketers are former national captain Salman Butt, bowler Mohammad Asif, and bowler Mohammad Amir.
Salman Butt is a former national captain.
Mohammad Asif is a bowler.
Mohammad Amir is a bowler.
Salman Butt, Mohammad Asif, and Mohammad Amir will discover their fate on Thursday.
Mazhar Majeed is an agent.
Mazhar Majeed will discover his fate on Thursday.
Mazhar Majeed pleaded guilty after being caught accepting money from an undercover newspaper reporter.
Mazhar Majeed was caught accepting money to 'spot-fix' outcomes during a Test match against England at Lord's in August 2010.
Salman Butt and Mohammad Asif unsuccessfully tried to overturn charges.
Salman Butt and Mohammad Asif were charged with conspiring to cheat and accept corrupt funds from Mazhar Majeed.
Salman Butt and Mohammad Asif were accused of agreeing to deliver three no-ball deliveries at specified times during the match.
Mazhar Majeed testified that he gave Mohammad Asif 65,000 ($103,000).
Mazhar Majeed paid 10,000 ($16,000) to Salman Butt.
Mazhar Majeed paid 2,500 ($4,000) to Mohammad Amir.
Mazhar Majeed received 150,000 ($240,000) from a journalist working for the now defunct News of the World paper.
The cheating charge carries a maximum sentence of two years plus an unlimited fine.
They could be jailed for seven years with an unlimited fine for accepting corrupt payments.
Mohammad Amir is a rising star in the sport at the age of 19.
Mohammad Amir outlined his remorse in a statement read by his lawyer.
Mohammad Amir apologized to Pakistan and to everyone that cricket is important to.
Mohammad Amir acknowledged the damage this has done to the game of cricket.
Mohammad Amir stated that he loves cricket more than anything else in the world.
Mohammad Amir decided many months ago that he wanted to admit that he deliberately threw two no-balls at the Lord's Test last summer.
Mohammad Amir expressed that his admission was very late.
Mohammad Amir apologized for not saying it before.
Mohammad Amir admitted that he didn't find the courage to admit his actions at the beginning.
Mohammad Amir recognized that his delay made everything much more difficult.
Dave was startled.
It was one thing to have Roger missing.
It was quite another to have Dave's chum gone.
The berth was made up as if it had never been occupied.
Dave muttered to himself, 'He went to bed--I saw him go.'
Dave questioned whether he was dreaming or what the matter could be.
The more Dave thought over the affair, the more puzzled he became.
Dave put on some of his clothing as quickly as he could.
Dave slipped on his shoes.
Dave opened the stateroom door.
Dave stepped out into the passageway leading to the main saloon.
There was a dim light burning outside.
Nobody appeared to be in sight.
Dave looked up and down the passageway eagerly.
Dave stepped to one of the corners of the passageway.
Dave walked to the main saloon.
The main saloon had big sofas and easy-chairs.
The main saloon had a grand piano.
Not a soul was in sight anywhere in the main saloon.
Dave murmured, 'Well, if this isn't the queerest yet.'
Dave pinched himself to make certain that he was not dreaming.
Dave walked to one end of the saloon.
Dave walked to the other end of the saloon.
Dave started for the stairs leading out on deck.
An extra-heavy gust of wind came at that moment.
The steamer rocked violently.
Dave was thrown on his side.
Dave fell headlong over the end of a sofa.
As Dave went down, he heard several cries.
One of the cries was in a voice that sounded familiar to Dave.
The Auld Lichts were in church, waiting for their minister.
The meeting was full because nearly every well in Thrums had been scooped dry by anxious palms.
Not all individuals present were there to ask God for rain for themselves.
Old Charles Yuill was in his pew.
Old Charles Yuill had dreamed thrice that he would break up with the drought.
Bell Christison had come to the meeting.
Bell Christison's man lay dead at home.
Bell Christison thought it could matter no more to her how things went in the world.
Individuals who do not love the little congregation would have said that the congregation was waiting placidly.
Meggy Rattray was a simple woman.
Meggy Rattray could have deceived individuals into believing that she did not notice who put the three-penny-bit in the plate.
A few men were unaware that the bell was working overtime.
Most of the unaware men were farmers with their eyes on the windows.
All the women at the meeting were wondering.
The women knew better than to bring their thoughts to their faces.
None of the women sought to catch another's eye.
The men-folk looked heavily at their hats in the seats in front.
Hendry Munn did not march to the pulpit with the big Bible in his hands.
Hendry Munn came as far as the plate and signed to Peter Tosh, elder, that he was wanted in the vestry.
Every woman at the meeting, except Bell Christison, wished she was Peter Tosh.
Peter Tosh was taken aback by Hendry Munn's action.
Peter Tosh merely gaped at Hendry Munn.
Peter Tosh suddenly knew that his five daughters were furious with him.
Peter Tosh dived for his hat and staggered to the vestry with his mouth open.
Peter Tosh's boots made a cheeping sound all the way to the vestry.
No one looked up when Peter Tosh left.
A man was convicted of stalking singer Madonna.
The man once threatened to knife Madonna.
The man was arrested on Friday.
The arrest occurred a week after the man escaped from a Southern California mental hospital.
Robert Dewey Hoskins is the name of the man.
Robert Dewey Hoskins is 54 years old.
Robert Dewey Hoskins walked away from Metropolitan State Hospital in the Los Angeles suburb of Norwalk on February 3.
Robert Dewey Hoskins had served a 10-year prison sentence for stalking Madonna.
A court order requires Robert Dewey Hoskins to be in a facility receiving mental health treatment until the end of August 2012.
Los Angeles Police Sgt. Mitzi Fierro told HLN's Nancy Grace that she hadn't been told whether any new charges will be filed against Robert Dewey Hoskins.
At this point, authorities are returning Robert Dewey Hoskins to the facility.
The determination of new charges will be made by detectives who will investigate Robert Dewey Hoskins' ability to walk away from the facility.
The detectives will also investigate if Robert Dewey Hoskins violated anything from that point on.
The facility where Robert Dewey Hoskins was located is not secured.
It was unclear whether Robert Dewey Hoskins escaped or walked out on his own.
Robert Dewey Hoskins was receiving treatment to get acclimated to society again.
Robert Dewey Hoskins was supervised by civilian staff and not officers.
Because of the court order, Robert Dewey Hoskins was deemed an 'escapee.'
Investigators had been looking for Robert Dewey Hoskins in the Long Beach area.
Some of Robert Dewey Hoskins' arrest records come from the Long Beach community.
Prior to his arrest on Friday, Los Angeles police issued a warning to the public about Robert Dewey Hoskins.
Los Angeles police stated that Robert Dewey Hoskins is highly psychotic when not taking his medication.
Los Angeles police stated that Robert Dewey Hoskins has very violent tendencies.
Valori is to be part of Friedrich's Campaign this Year.
Valori came posting off directly in rear of the glorious news of Fontenoy.
Valori found Friedrich at Camenz.
Friedrich was rather in spirits than otherwise.
Valori lodged pleasantly with Abbot Tobias and Friedrich until the Campaign should begin.
Two things surprise Valori.
The first surprise for Valori is the great strength of Neisse.
Neisse has been brought to an impregnable condition since Valori saw it last.
The Fortress of Neisse is in superlative condition.
The Army itself gathers daily more and more about Frankenstein.
The second surprise for Valori is the strangely neglected posture of mountainous or Upper Silesia.
Upper Silesia has been given up to Pandours.
Margraf Karl lies quiet among the Pandours at Jagerndorf.
Margraf Karl is 'eating his magazine.'
General Hautcharmoi was Winterfeld's late chief in the Wurben affair.
General Hautcharmoi, with his small Detachment, still hovers about in the Ratibor parts.
General Hautcharmoi has the Strong Towns to fall back upon.
General Hautcharmoi has effectively fallen back accordingly.
Nothing has been done to coerce the Pandours at all.
Prince Karl and Weissenfels are daily coming on in force.
The force of Prince Karl and Weissenfels is about 100,000.
The intention of Prince Karl and Weissenfels is certain.
The force of Prince Karl and Weissenfels includes about 100,000 regular troops.
Valori finds the situation very singular.
Valori asks Friedrich if he will dispute the Passes.
Valori is amazed by Friedrich's response.
Valori asks Friedrich if he will defend the Mountain rampart.
Friedrich responds that the Mountain rampart is three or four hundred miles long.
Friedrich states that there are twelve or twenty practicable roads through the Mountain rampart.
Friedrich mentions that one road is kept in darkness.
Friedrich describes endless Pandour doggery shutting out daylight.
Friedrich believes it is ill defending such a rampart.
Valori persists in questioning Friedrich.
One day Friedrich answered Valori.
Friedrich said to Valori, 'MON AMI, if you want to get the mouse, don't shut the trap; leave the trap open (ON LAISSE LA SOURICIERE OUVERTE)!'
Friedrich's response was a beam of light to the inquiring thought of Valori.
Valori is a military man of some intelligence.
One sunny May afternoon, a group of teenagers ditched school.
The group of teenagers went to the mall.
June volunteered to drive her friends.
June's friends were Ben, Sasha, and Bruce.
The teenagers piled into the red car.
The teenagers drove to the mall.
When the teenagers arrived at the mall, Ben and Sasha wanted to go to the sporting goods store.
Bruce and June wanted to go watch a movie directed by Miranda July.
The teenagers split up.
The teenagers said they would meet up at the food area later.
Three hours later, the friends got back together.
Ben and Sasha wanted to leave.
Ben and Sasha went back out to the parking lot.
Ben and Sasha got in the car.
When June backed out of the parking spot, June scraped the car next to her.
Sasha said it was okay.
Bruce said June needed to leave a note for the driver of the other car.
Just then, the other driver appeared.
The teenagers called the police to get an accident report.
When the police arrived, they put Ben and Sasha in handcuffs.
Ben and Sasha had been stealing.
Ben and Sasha had to volunteer every week until October.
Digital telephony transmission networks became possible in the 1980s.
ISDN networks are an example of digital telephony transmission networks.
ISDN networks assure a minimum bit rate of usually 128 kilobits/s for compressed video and audio transmission.
During the 1980s, there was research into other forms of digital video and audio communication.
Many technologies, such as the Media space, are not as widely used today as videoconferencing.
Technologies like the Media space were still an important area of research.
The first dedicated systems started to appear in the market as ISDN networks were expanding throughout the world.
One of the first commercial videoconferencing systems sold to companies came from PictureTel Corp.
PictureTel Corp. had an Initial Public Offering in November 1984.
The MC controls the conferencing while it is active on the signaling plane.
The signaling plane is where the system manages conferencing creation, endpoint signaling, and in-conferencing controls.
The MC negotiates parameters with every endpoint in the network.
The MC controls conferencing resources.
The MP operates on the media plane.
The MP receives media from each endpoint.
The MP generates output streams from each endpoint.
The MP redirects the information to other endpoints in the conference.
The revolution of Todos Santos appeared to have been effected as peacefully as the gentle Liberator of Quinquinambo could have wished.
Two pronunciamientos were rudely printed and posted in the Plaza.
The pronunciamientos were saluted by the fickle garrison of one hundred men.
The garrison immediately reappointed their old commander as Generalissimo under the new regime.
The situation seemed to leave nothing to be desired.
A surging mob of vacant and wondering peons bore a singular resemblance to the wild cattle and horses.
The wild cattle and horses intermingled with the peons in blind and unceasing movement across the Plaza and up the hilly street.
The peons were seemingly as incapable of self-government.
The heterogeneous bands of peons were alternately dispersed and stampeded or allowed to gather again as occasion required.
Some of these heterogeneous bands were found gazing stupidly on the sea after the revolution was accomplished.
Some of these heterogeneous bands were found ruminating in bovine wantonness on the glacis before the Presidio after the revolution was accomplished.
Eleanor Keene was hurried to the refuge of the Mission with her countrywomen.
Eleanor Keene was more disturbed and excited at the prospect of meeting Hurlstone again than by any terror of the insurrection.
Hurlstone was not at the Mission.
Father Esteban received Eleanor Keene with a coldness that she could not attribute entirely to her countrymen's supposed sympathy with the insurgents.
Richard Keene would not leave his sister until he had seen her safe under the Mission walls.
Richard Keene ventured to ask Father Esteban after the American recluse at Eleanor Keene's suggestion.
Father Esteban replied dryly that Hurlstone was the only one who had the boldness to seek out the American filibuster Perkins on his own ship.
Hurlstone remonstrated with Perkins for his unholy crusade.
Father Esteban had already become aware of Hurlstone's blunder.
Father Esteban hated Eleanor Keene as the primary cause of the trouble.
Father Esteban believed that but for Eleanor Keene, Diego would still be with him in this emergency.
A 16-year-old Pennsylvania boy is facing murder charges.
The Pennsylvania boy is accused of fatally shooting a cab driver.
The cab driver was believed to be intentionally taking a longer route to the boy's destination.
Aazis Richardson is accused of shooting the cab driver, Vincent Darbenzio, twice in the back of his head while still in the cab.
Vincent Darbenzio was 47 years old.
Gene Talerico is the Lackawanna County Assistant District Attorney.
Aazis Richardson believed Vincent Darbenzio had ignored his route suggestions.
Aazis Richardson believed Vincent Darbenzio ignored his route suggestions in an attempt to increase the fare.
Aazis Richardson told CNN affiliate WNEP that he suggested a route to Vincent Darbenzio.
Aazis Richardson stated that Vincent Darbenzio did not want to listen to his route suggestion.
Aazis Richardson expressed that Vincent Darbenzio got shot as a consequence of not listening.
Calls and e-mails to the Lackawanna County public defender's office were not immediately returned.
The Lackawanna County public defender's office is representing Aazis Richardson.
As Aazis Richardson was being taken away, he showed no remorse for Vincent Darbenzio or his family.
Aazis Richardson told WNEP that 'my homies died, everybody gotta die.'
Aazis Richardson was charged as an adult with multiple counts of murder in the first, second, and third degrees.
Aazis Richardson was also charged with robbery and firearms-related offenses.
Gene Talerico provided information about the charges against Aazis Richardson.
On Sunday, more than 50 of Vincent Darbenzio's friends and family members held a vigil.
The vigil was held near the spot where Vincent Darbenzio was killed.
Chris Darbenzio is the brother of Vincent Darbenzio.
Aazis Richardson is currently being held without bail at the Lackawanna County Prison.
The district attorney's office provided information about Aazis Richardson's detention.
There once was a pumpkin.
The pumpkin was sad.
The pumpkin wanted to leave the garden.
The pumpkin wanted to see the world.
The pumpkin had to stay in the garden because the pumpkin's vine held the pumpkin there.
One day a fox came by.
The pumpkin asked the fox to cut the vine.
The pumpkin wanted the fox to cut the vine so the pumpkin could leave the garden.
The fox said it would cut the vine.
The fox said it would cut the vine so the pumpkin could leave the garden.
When the fox cut the vine, the pumpkin could roll around.
The pumpkin rolled around until the pumpkin got out of the garden.
First the pumpkin met a cat.
The pumpkin told the cat it was happy because the pumpkin could now see the world.
The cat gave the pumpkin a piece of cake to eat.
The pumpkin could not eat the cake because the pumpkin had no mouth.
The pumpkin was still very happy to have the cat as a new friend.
The Soviet Union was officially known as the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
The abbreviation for the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics is USSR.
The Soviet Union was a socialist state in Eurasia.
The Soviet Union existed from 1922 to 1991.
The Soviet Union was nominally a union of multiple equal national Soviet republics.
The government and economy of the Soviet Union were highly centralized.
The Soviet Union was a one-party state.
The Communist Party governed the Soviet Union.
Moscow was the capital of the Soviet Union.
Moscow was located in the largest republic, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
The Russian nation had constitutionally equal status among the many nations of the Soviet Union.
The Russian nation exerted de facto dominance in various respects within the Soviet Union.
Other major urban centres in the Soviet Union included Leningrad, Kiev, Minsk, Alma-Ata, and Novosibirsk.
The Soviet Union was one of the five recognized nuclear weapons states.
The Soviet Union possessed the largest stockpile of weapons of mass destruction.
The Soviet Union was a founding permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
The Soviet Union was a member of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe.
The Soviet Union was the leading member of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance.
The Soviet Union was a member of the Warsaw Pact.
The Soviet Union had its roots in the October Revolution of 1917.
The Bolsheviks, led by Vladimir Lenin, overthrew the Russian Provisional Government during the October Revolution.
The Russian Provisional Government had replaced Tsar Nicholas II during World War I.
In 1922, the Soviet Union was formed with the unification of the Russian, Transcaucasian, Ukrainian, and Byelorussian republics.
Following Vladimir Lenin's death in 1924, there was a brief power struggle.
Joseph Stalin came to power in the mid-1920s.
Joseph Stalin committed the state's ideology to MarxismLeninism.
Joseph Stalin created the ideology of MarxismLeninism.
Joseph Stalin initiated a centrally planned economy.
The centrally planned economy led to a period of rapid industrialization and collectivization.
During the period of totalitarian rule, Joseph Stalin imposed political paranoia.
The mid-1930s Great Purge removed Joseph Stalin's opponents within and outside of the party.
The Great Purge involved arbitrary arrests and persecutions of many people.
Joseph Stalin perpetrated the suppression of political critics.
Joseph Stalin perpetrated forced labor.
Joseph Stalin perpetrated famines.
In 1933, a major famine struck Soviet Ukraine.
The major famine in Soviet Ukraine caused the deaths of over 7 million people.
ChiChi weighs only 13 pounds.
Mary Lane says, 'He's so tiny, I can carry him with one hand.'
Most people see ChiChi and think he is useless.
Last October, ChiChi proved to be more than just a pretty face.
Mary Lane and her husband, Rick, were relaxing on the beach one afternoon.
Mary Lane and Rick were on vacation in North Carolina's Outer Banks.
As usual, ChiChi was lying on his blanket in his own little beach chair.
Rick recalls, 'We had our noses buried in books.'
Suddenly, ChiChi became extremely uneasy.
ChiChi's bark was different from anything Mary Lane and Rick had heard before.
ChiChi would not let Mary Lane and Rick ignore him.
ChiChi ran back and forth in front of his chair as if to run down the beach.
Mary Lane and Rick sat up to see two elderly women in the ocean.
The two elderly women were about 100 yards down the beach and 10 feet off shore.
One elderly woman was on her back with her head under the waves.
The other elderly woman was struggling hard to keep her friend's head above the surface.
Mary Lane and Rick rushed across the sand and into the surf.
Rick went to the elderly woman in danger of drowning.
Mary Lane held fast onto the other elderly woman and pulled her up on the beach.
Mary Lane says, 'Then I went back to help Rick.'
The sand dropped off steeply.
A riptide was beating the elderly woman under.
The elderly woman was completely helpless.
The elderly woman had not been getting well from recent knee surgery.
The elderly woman had been unable to turn over or push herself up.
Mary Lane says, 'Her friend had been in danger too.'
The waves were pushing the other elderly woman around.
There was no way the other elderly woman could have held on much longer.
The two elderly women hadn't called out for help.
Mary Lane recalls, 'They were struggling so hard that there was no time for screaming.'
ChiChi had sensed the danger of the two elderly women.
Duty done, ChiChi was back in his chair, asleep.
ChiChi was asleep by the time the two elderly women were on dry ground.
The Lanes had returned to their blankets.
Luckily, the two elderly women were fine, though shaken.
The two elderly women thanked Mary Lane and Rick for saving their lives.
Back home in Greensboro, North Carolina, the Lanes ordered a special collar.
The special collar had the words 'Hero Dog' on it.
Benedict asks Lady Disdain if she is still living.
Beatrice questions if Disdain can die while she has such suitable food to sustain her.
The Lyddell family did not continue living in London for much longer.
The Lyddell family had a short season in London.
The session of Parliament was not over.
Most of the ladies were leaving for the country before the end of June.
Mrs. Lyddell was among the ladies leaving for the country.
Mr. Lyddell went back and forth to London as needed.
The girls were glad to get into the country.
Marian soon found that she had not escaped from gaieties.
Marian also did not escape from the objects of her aversion.
Mr. Faulkner brought his mother and sisters to High Down House.
Mr. Faulkner gave numerous parties at High Down House.
Mr. Faulkner made a constant interchange of civilities with the family at Oakworthy.
Archery was popular among the young ladies that year.
Marian particularly liked archery.
Marian had often practiced archery with Edmund and Agnes.
Marian's bow and arrows were always the first to be ready.
One day, Marian, Caroline, and Clara were shooting on the lawn at Oakworthy.
Mr. and Miss Faulkner rode from High Down to Oakworthy.
Mr. and Miss Faulkner came out on the lawn and joined Marian, Caroline, and Clara.
A noticeable change came over Marian when Mr. and Miss Faulkner joined them.
Marian stopped laughing and talking.
Marian began to teach Clara and paid only half attention to her own shooting.
Marian focused on archery as if it was her sole objective.
Marian acted as if she had no other purpose in life.
Marian fixed her arrows and twanged her string with rigidity.
Marian acted as if the target was a deadly enemy.
Marian concentrated on hitting the bull's eye.
When Marian's arrows went straight to the mark, she did not turn her head.
Marian vouchsafed only the briefest answer to the exclamations around her.
Mumbai is also known as Bombay.
Bombay was the official name of Mumbai until 1995.
Mumbai is the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Mumbai is the most populous city in India.
The estimated city population of Mumbai is 18.4 million.
Mumbai, along with the neighbouring regions of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, is the second most populous metropolitan area in India.
The population of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region is 21.3 million.
Mumbai lies on the Konkan on the west coast of India.
Mumbai has a deep natural harbour.
In 2008, Mumbai was named an alpha world city.
Mumbai is the wealthiest city in India.
Mumbai has the highest number of millionaires and billionaires among all cities in India.
The seven islands that came to constitute Mumbai were home to communities of fishing colonies of the Koli people.
For centuries, the islands were under the control of successive indigenous empires.
The islands were ceded to the Portuguese Empire.
The islands were subsequently ceded to the East India Company.
In 1661, Charles II of England married Catherine of Braganza.
As part of her dowry, Charles II received the ports of Tangier and the Seven Islands of Bombay.
During the mid-18th century, Bombay was reshaped by the Hornby Vellard project.
The Hornby Vellard project undertook reclamation of the area between the seven islands from the sea.
The reclamation project was completed in 1845.
The reclamation project transformed Bombay into a major seaport on the Arabian Sea.
Bombay in the 19th century was characterised by economic and educational development.
During the early 20th century, Bombay became a strong base for the Indian independence movement.
Upon India's independence in 1947, the city was incorporated into Bombay State.
In 1960, following the Samyukta Maharashtra Movement, a new state of Maharashtra was created.
Bombay was designated as the capital of the new state of Maharashtra.
Great activity reigned in the corridors and kitchens of the old chteau.
M. le Chef was the only true rival the immortal Vatel ever had.
M. le Chef wore a white cap and apron.
M. le Chef was calm and self-possessed like a field-marshal in the hour of victory.
M. le Chef was surrounded by an army of scullions and wenches.
M. le Chef was directing the operations of dishing-up.
Dishing-up was the crowning glory of M. le Chef's arduous labours.
Pies and patties, haunches of venison, trout, and carp from the Rhine were placed on gold and silver dishes.
The dishes were adorned with tasteful ornaments of truly architectural beauty and monumental proportions.
The dishes were handed over to the footmen.
The footmen were resplendent in gorgeous liveries of scarlet and azure.
The footmen hurried along the marble passages carrying the masterpieces of culinary art to the banqueting-hall beyond.
The butlers were more sedate and dignified in sober garb of puce or brown.
The butlers stalked along in stately repose bearing the huge tankards and crystal jugs.
All of the best that the fine old Chteau d'Aumont could provide was being requisitioned to-night.
M. le Duc and Mlle. Lydie were giving a farewell banquet to Charles Edward Stuart.
Charles Edward Stuart was by the grace of God King of Great Britain and Ireland and all her dependencies beyond the seas.
Speeches were made for Charles Edward Stuart.
Toasts were drunk and glasses raised for Charles Edward Stuart.
The ducal veneries had been ransacked for Charles Edward Stuart.
The ducal cellars were shorn of their most ancient possessions for Charles Edward Stuart.
M. le Chef had raged and stormed for five hours for Charles Edward Stuart.
M. le Chef had expended the sweat of his brow and the intricacies of his brain for Charles Edward Stuart.
The scullions' backs had smarted for Charles Edward Stuart.
The wenches' cheeks had glowed for Charles Edward Stuart.
All efforts were made to do honour to the only rightful King of England.
The only rightful King of England was about to quit the hospitable land of France.
The only rightful King of England was about to conquer the island kingdom which his grandfather had lost.
About five o'clock that afternoon, Ephraim was sitting in his shirt-sleeves by the window of his room.
Cynthia was reading aloud to Ephraim an article from a Washington paper.
The article was about the war.
Mr. Beard was Ephraim's friend.
There was a knock at the door.
Cynthia opened the door.
Cynthia discovered a colored hall-boy with a roll in his hand.
The colored hall-boy asked, 'Mistah Ephum Prescott?'
Ephraim answered, 'Yes, that's me.'
Cynthia shut the door.
Cynthia gave Ephraim the roll.
Ephraim took the roll as though he were afraid of its contents.
Ephraim guessed it was some of the war records from Amasy.
Cynthia exclaimed excitedly, 'Oh, Cousin Eph, why don't you open it? If you don't I will.'
Ephraim suggested, 'Guess you'd better, Cynthy.'
Ephraim held the roll out to Cynthia with a trembling hand.
Cynthia opened the roll.
Cynthia drew out a large document with seals, printing, and signatures.
Cynthia cried, holding the document under Ephraim's nose, 'Cousin Eph, you're postmaster of Brampton!'
Ephraim looked at the paper.
Ephraim's eyes swam.
Ephraim could only make out a dancing, bronze seal.
Ephraim exclaimed, 'I want to know! Fetch Jethro.'
Cynthia had already flown on that errand.
Cynthia ran into Jethro in the hall immediately outside of Ephraim's door.
Ephraim got to his feet.
It was very difficult for Ephraim to realize that his troubles were ended.
Ephraim was to earn his living at last.
Ephraim looked at Jethro.
Ephraim's eyes filled with tears.
Ephraim said, 'I guess I can't thank you as I'd ought to, Jethro, leastways, not now.'
John Isner is a marathon man.
John Isner survived another epic match on his return to competitive tennis.
John Isner's previous match was a record-breaking 11-hour Wimbledon match.
John Isner saved two match points before beating Gilles Muller.
Gilles Muller is from Luxembourg.
John Isner won the match against Gilles Muller with a score of 4-6 7-6 7-6.
John Isner sealed his place in the quarterfinals of the Atlanta Tennis Championships.
It is John Isner's first tournament since Wimbledon in June.
John Isner's opening round victory over Nicolas Mahut in London was the longest match in tennis history.
Nicolas Mahut is a Frenchman.
John Isner's battle with Nicolas Mahut stretched over three days.
John Isner's match with Nicolas Mahut consisted of 183 games.
John Isner finally triumphed over Nicolas Mahut with a score of 6-4 3-6 6-7 7-6 70-68.
John Isner later told CNN that he really didn't think the match was going to end.
The match turned John Isner into a household name in the sport.
John Isner suffered a straight sets defeat to Thiemo de Bakker in the second round.
John Isner is 25 years old.
John Isner targeted a prolonged period of rest after his defeat.
On his return to the court, John Isner was made to work hard by Gilles Muller.
John Isner saved two match points against Gilles Muller.
John Isner fired 33 aces during the match against Gilles Muller.
John Isner won the match against Gilles Muller in two-and-a-half hours.
John Isner delighted the crowd of 5,000 people.
John Isner did not want to let the fans down.
John Isner did not want to lose his first match at the Atlanta Tennis Championships.
John Isner had a lot of friends and family present at the match.
John Isner did not want to go out early in the tournament.
John Isner had not seen a live ball in quite some time.
Gilles Muller was never going to give John Isner rhythm with his lefty serve.
John Isner felt he was shedding the rust off in the second and third sets.
John Isner believes he will only keep getting better.
New Haven is a principal municipality in Greater New Haven.
New Haven is located in the U.S. state of Connecticut.
Greater New Haven had a total population of 862,477 in 2010.
New Haven is located on New Haven Harbor.
New Haven Harbor is on the northern shore of the Long Island Sound.
New Haven is in New Haven County, Connecticut.
New Haven County comprises the outer limits of the New York metropolitan area.
New Haven is the second-largest city in Connecticut.
Bridgeport is the largest city in Connecticut.
New Haven had a population of 129,779 people as of the 2010 United States Census.
According to a census of 1 July 2012 by the Census Bureau, New Haven had a population of 130,741.
In 1637, a small party of Puritans reconnoitered the New Haven harbor area.
The small party of Puritans wintered over in the New Haven harbor area.
In April 1638, the main party of five hundred Puritans sailed into the harbor.
The main party of Puritans left the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
The Reverend John Davenport was a leader of the main party of Puritans.
Theophilus Eaton was a London merchant and a leader of the main party of Puritans.
The settlers were hoping to establish a better theological community.
The settlers wanted a government more closely linked to the church than the one they left in Massachusetts.
The settlers sought to take advantage of the excellent port capabilities of the harbor.
The Quinnipiacs were under attack by neighboring Pequots.
The Quinnipiacs sold their land to the settlers in return for protection.
It is highly probable that one might have searched over New York City that night and not found a happier household than that of Mrs. Green.
Paul was wonderfully happy in the thought that he was going back to Chicago.
Paul could not see his parents in Chicago.
Paul should find relatives and friends in Chicago.
Paul could talk of little else than his happiness about going back to Chicago.
Paul forgot about the theatre.
Mopsey spoke of the necessity of getting another boy to take Paul's place in the dramatic company.
Paul hardly gave the matter of getting another boy a thought.
Paul hoped that they would make plenty of money out of the dramatic company.
Paul's partners were happy.
Paul's partners were more happy than they could possibly have been by any other outlay of their money.
Paul's pleasure reflected on his partners to such a degree that they became almost as much excited as Paul was before the evening was over.
Good Mrs. Green alternately laughed and cried.
Good Mrs. Green seemed to realize that such nervousness was not exactly suitable to the occasion.
Good Mrs. Green busied herself by reading one of the papers that Ben had brought home.
Master Treat had spent so much time on the good work he had carried through so successfully.
Master Treat had paid so much more attention to the boy he was going to surprise than to the sale of his goods.
Master Treat was a drawback instead of helping Johnny.
Master Treat took some of his papers to sell.
The consequence was that Mrs. Green had three evening papers to read.
Messrs. Jones and Treat had been 'stuck' with the same number of papers.
MedlinePlus is an online information service produced by the United States National Library of Medicine.
The service provides curated consumer health information in English.
The service provides curated consumer health information in Spanish.
The site gathers information from the National Library of Medicine.
The site gathers information from the National Institutes of Health.
The site gathers information from other U.S. government agencies.
The site gathers information from health-related organizations.
There is a site optimized for display on mobile devices.
The mobile-optimized site is available in both English and Spanish.
In 2015, about 400 million people from around the world used MedlinePlus.
The service is funded by the National Library of Medicine.
The service is free to users.
MedlinePlus provides encyclopedic information on health issues.
MedlinePlus provides encyclopedic information on drug issues.
MedlinePlus provides a directory of medical services.
MedlinePlus Connect links patients or providers in electronic health record systems to related MedlinePlus information on conditions.
MedlinePlus Connect links patients or providers in electronic health record systems to related MedlinePlus information on medications.
PubMed Health is another site produced by the National Library of Medicine.
PubMed Health offers consumer health information.
PubMed Health offers information for health professionals.
The National Library of Medicine has long provided programs and services for professional medical scientists.
The National Library of Medicine has long provided services for health care providers.
The National Library of Medicine provides MEDLINE.
The National Library of Medicine provides various services that access MEDLINE.
PubMed is one of the services that access MEDLINE.
Entrez is one of the services that access MEDLINE.
By the 1990s, more members of the general public were using these services.
Internet access became widespread by the 1990s.
Nonprofessional users could benefit from reliable health information.
Reliable health information should be in a layperson-accessible format.
The National Library of Medicine introduced MedlinePlus in October 1998.
MedlinePlus was introduced to provide a non-commercial online service.
MedlinePlus is similar to the commercial WebMD.
In 2010, another NCBI service, PubMed Health, complemented MedlinePlus.
PubMed Health offers curated consumer health information.
PubMed Health focuses especially on finding information about clinical effectiveness of treatments.
Tom Brennan was working in a Philadelphia office building.
Tom Brennan noticed a black bag.
The black bag contained a book.
The chance discovery by Tom Brennan ended a 12-day search by the Library Company of Philadelphia for a historical treasure.
The historical treasure was a 120-page diary kept 190 years ago by Deborah Logan.
Deborah Logan was a woman who knew everybody in her day.
James Green was the librarian.
James Green told the magazine American Libraries about the diary.
Most of the diary is a record of big events in Philadelphia.
The diary includes a description of British soldiers burning Washington, D.C. in the War of 1812.
Deborah Logan describes President James Madison on horseback as perfectly shaking with fear during the troubled days.
Deborah Logan writes that George Washington mistook her for the wife of a French man.
George Washington praised Deborah Logan's excellent English.
The adventure of the lost book began on September 4.
Cory Luxmoore arrived from England to deliver the diary of his ancestor to the Library Company.
Cory Luxmoore and his wife considered the Library Company to be the best home for the diary.
James Green told American Libraries that he had the diary in his possession for about five minutes.
Cory Luxmoore took the diary back because he had promised to show it to one other person.
Cory Luxmoore was shocked to realize that he had left the diary in the taxi after returning to his hotel.
Without any delay, James Green began calling every taxi company in the city.
James Green had no luck in finding the diary.
Cory Luxmoore told reporters that he has felt sick since then.
According to James Green, no one has yet learned how the diary came to the office building.
Tom Brennan received a reward of $1,000.
Philadelphia gained another treasure for its history.
Cory Luxmoore told reporters that it's wonderful news and that he is on high.
David Millar emerged from the darkness of doping's 'white noise' to become a beacon in cycling's anti-drugs fight.
Lance Armstrong and Jan Ulrich are former Tour de France champions.
The tainted legacies of Lance Armstrong and Jan Ulrich continue to cast a dark shadow over the sport of cycling.
David Millar is a reformed rider.
David Millar can see a light at the end of the tunnel in cycling.
David Millar has come a long way since nine years ago.
Nine years ago, David Millar was sitting in a Biarritz restaurant in south west France.
David Millar was having dinner with Dave Brailsford.
Dave Brailsford is now the performance director at British Cycling and Team Sky.
French police arrived to arrest David Millar while he was having dinner.
French police threw David Millar in a cell.
French police outed David Millar as a drugs cheat.
A two-year ban from competition followed David Millar's arrest.
David Millar experienced a Damascene conversion after his ban.
David Millar returned to the sport as a reformed character.
David Millar is determined to remove the stain of doping from cycling.
David Millar was a fervent anti-doper.
David Millar was born in Malta.
David Millar spent his formative years in England and Hong Kong.
David Millar told CNN's Changing Gear series about his experiences before the start of the 2013 Tour de France.
David Millar described himself as a naive kid who came from Hong Kong.
David Millar dreamed of winning the Tour de France.
David Millar was disgusted to learn that his colleagues were doping.
Within four or five years, David Millar became one of the dopers.
David Millar had served notice of his potential by winning the prologue of his first ever Tour de France in 2000.
The journey from idealistic youngster to fully-fledged doper was not a simple one for David Millar.
There was once a small, grey cat that lived in the woods.
The small, grey cat was a lonely old cat.
The lonely old cat spent most of his time bullying other small animals that lived in the woods.
Almost all of the other little animals who lived in the woods knew of the old cat.
The other little animals warned everyone they knew to stay away from the old cat.
One day a young mouse was out taking a walk to collect some berries.
It was a nice day out.
The young mouse chose to go down by the river to take a quick rest for a bit.
When the young mouse arrived at the river, he found the perfect spot to rest.
The perfect spot to rest was a small area with soft sand to lie on, under a tree that gave a bit of shade.
The young mouse then sat back.
After a little bit of time, the young mouse was fast asleep.
Not long after the young mouse had fallen asleep, the small, grey cat caught a scent in the air of the young mouse.
The small, grey cat walked slowly up to the spot where the young mouse was sleeping.
The small, grey cat licked his lips.
Right when the small, grey cat was about to catch the young mouse, the young mouse woke up.
The young mouse asked the small, grey cat, 'What are you doing?!'
The small, grey cat said, 'I am trying to find dinner.'
The young mouse smiled.
The young mouse said, 'I collected extra berries today on my walk. Would you like to have some?'
The small, grey cat was confused.
The small, grey cat had never been given such a kind thing.
The small, grey cat said, 'Well, OK. Berries are not my favorite, but I guess that they are OK.'
The small, grey cat and the young mouse then sat down together.
The small, grey cat and the young mouse ate a meal of tasty berries.
It turned out that the small, grey cat was not so terrible after all.
The small, grey cat had never been given kindness.
Representative democracy is a type of democracy.
Representative democracy is also known as indirect democracy, representative republic, or psephocracy.
Representative democracy is founded on the principle of elected officials representing a group of people.
Representative democracy is different from direct democracy.
Nearly all modern Western-style democracies are types of representative democracies.
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy.
Ireland is a unitary parliamentary republic.
The United States is a federal republic.
Representative democracy is an element of both the parliamentary and the presidential systems of government.
Representative democracy is typically used in a lower chamber such as the House of Commons.
The House of Commons is located in the United Kingdom.
Representative democracy is also used in Dil ireann.
Dil ireann is located in the Republic of Ireland.
Representative democracy may be curtailed by constitutional constraints such as an upper chamber.
Some political theorists describe representative democracy as polyarchy.
Robert A. Dahl is one of the political theorists who describe representative democracy as polyarchy.
Gregory Houston is one of the political theorists who describe representative democracy as polyarchy.
Ian Liebenberg is one of the political theorists who describe representative democracy as polyarchy.
In representative democracy, power is in the hands of the elected representatives.
Elected representatives are elected by the people in elections.
Representatives are elected by the public in national elections for the national legislature.
Elected representatives may hold the power to select other representatives.
Elected representatives may hold the power to select presidents.
Elected representatives may hold the power to select other officers of the government or of the legislature.
The Prime Minister is an example of an officer selected by elected representatives.
The power of representatives is usually curtailed by a constitution.
A constitutional democracy is an example of a system where the power of representatives is curtailed by a constitution.
A constitutional monarchy is another example of a system where the power of representatives is curtailed by a constitution.
Other measures may also be used to balance representative power.
Pain is a distressing feeling.
Pain is often caused by intense or damaging stimuli.
Examples of intense or damaging stimuli include stubbing a toe, burning a finger, putting alcohol on a cut, and bumping the 'funny bone'.
Defining pain has been a challenge.
The International Association for the Study of Pain has a widely used definition of pain.
The International Association for the Study of Pain's definition states that pain is an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage.
Pain can also be described in terms of actual or potential tissue damage.
In medical diagnosis, pain is a symptom.
Pain is the most common reason for physician consultation in most developed countries.
Pain is a major symptom in many medical conditions.
Pain can interfere with a person's quality of life and general functioning.
Psychological factors can significantly affect pain's intensity or unpleasantness.
Examples of psychological factors include social support, hypnotic suggestion, excitement, or distraction.
In some arguments put forth in physician-assisted suicide or euthanasia debates, pain has been used as an argument.
Pain has been used as an argument to permit terminally ill patients to end their lives.
Mike found a toy at the store that he wanted to buy.
Didier Drogba is Chelsea's star striker.
Didier Drogba has been suffering from malaria.
The club manager revealed Didier Drogba's condition on Tuesday.
Didier Drogba will still line up for the London derby against Fulham in the English Premier League on Wednesday.
Didier Drogba started on the bench for Chelsea's 2-0 defeat to Liverpool on Sunday.
Didier Drogba missed recent matches against Aston Villa and Spartak Moscow due to a suspected virus.
The results of blood tests showed that Didier Drogba had contracted malaria.
A test showed malaria according to Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti.
Didier Drogba lost his condition.
Didier Drogba lost power.
Didier Drogba had difficulty training because he didn't feel good.
Didier Drogba didn't have power to train.
Didier Drogba was unselfish to play when he was not 100 percent.
Carlo Ancelotti said Didier Drogba is now back to health.
Didier Drogba will be fit for the league leaders' home clash with Fulham on Wednesday.
Didier Drogba suffered from malaria but after treatment, he will be better.
At one time Didier Drogba's condition was serious.
Now there is the possibility to treat Didier Drogba and for him to come back well.
Didier Drogba is okay.
Carlo Ancelotti said Michael Essien would return to the Chelsea line-up.
Michael Essien missed the Liverpool game with a toe problem.
Frank Lampard is not yet ready to make his long-awaited return.
Frank Lampard has been sidelined following a hernia operation.
Frank Lampard is scheduled to make his comeback against Sunderland on Sunday.
Frank Lampard has been training with Chelsea.
Frank Lampard is good.
Frank Lampard is able to play.
Frank Lampard is fit because he worked very hard physically.
It was late at night before Ronald and his mother reached Blois.
Ronald and his mother alighted at the Aigle d'Or.
Ronald and his mother engaged a private room at the Aigle d'Or.
Ronald said that even the Duke of Chateaurouge will be satisfied that his schemes have failed.
Ronald stated that no more can be done just at present.
Ronald expressed that it will be a bitter blow to the Duke of Chateaurouge when the scoundrels report their utter failure.
Ronald believed that the Duke of Chateaurouge must have considered it impossible that Ronald and his mother could escape from the toils he had laid for them.
Ronald wished that he had clear evidence that the Duke of Chateaurouge is the author of the attempts against them.
Ronald stated that if he had clear evidence, he would go straight with Marshal Saxe and lay an accusation against the Duke of Chateaurouge before the king.
Ronald acknowledged that however certain they may feel about the Duke of Chateaurouge's involvement, they have nothing to connect him with the affair.
Ronald believed it would be madness to accuse a king's favourite unless one could prove absolutely the truth of what one says.
Ronald hoped that someday he would get even with the Duke of Chateaurouge.
Ronald stated that it will not be his fault if he does not get even with the Duke of Chateaurouge.
That night, Ronald and his mother debated what would be the best way to proceed in the morning.
Ronald and his mother agreed that Malcolm should present himself at the prison with the order of release.
Ronald and his mother decided that they should remain at the hotel.
Malcolm should bring Colonel Leslie to the hotel after breaking the news that his wife and son were both awaiting him.
Ronald and his mother believed that the shock of sudden liberty would be a severe one for Colonel Leslie.
Ronald and his mother thought that the meeting with Colonel Leslie's attached comrade would act as a preparation for the meeting with his wife.
Two years after his death, Michael Jackson's legacy remains clouded by the debate over how Michael Jackson died.
There is a debate over who, if anyone, is to blame for Michael Jackson's death.
A Los Angeles coroner ruled that a surgical anesthetic called Propofol killed Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson was 50 years old when he died on June 25, 2009.
The coroner's ruling stated that Propofol killed Michael Jackson in combination with several sedatives found in his blood.
There have been ongoing efforts to keep Michael Jackson's memory and music alive.
These efforts include awards, statues, and new songs.
Much of the talk about Michael Jackson has occurred in courtrooms.
The talk in courtrooms is centered around a host of cases related to Michael Jackson's untimely death.
Authorities claim that Michael Jackson's personal doctor, Conrad Murray, administered the fatal dose of anesthesia.
Conrad Murray has been charged with involuntary manslaughter in Michael Jackson's death.
Ed Chernoff is Conrad Murray's defense attorney.
Ed Chernoff contends that Michael Jackson was a desperate man in many respects.
Ed Chernoff claims that Michael Jackson gave himself the fatal dose of surgical anesthesia while Conrad Murray was not watching.
LaToya Jackson is one of Michael Jackson's sisters.
LaToya Jackson told CNN's Piers Morgan that Michael Jackson told her that they were going to murder him.
LaToya Jackson identified 'they' only as the people involved in Michael Jackson's life.
Joe Jackson is the late singer's father.
Joe Jackson fingered unidentified individuals in an interview with CNN.
Joe Jackson stated that they are striving for justice because there is more to it than they are claiming.
Joe Jackson has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Conrad Murray.
Joe Jackson is still fighting over who controls Michael Jackson's estate.
Joe Jackson claims that there is somebody else involved in Michael Jackson's death.
A friend of mine works in advertising.
A friend of mine recently got called for a job in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
A friend of mine asked me if she should take the job in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
I have traveled in the Middle East.
I said the job might be interesting in terms of cultural anthropology.
I advised my friend not to expect to enjoy herself.
The social and legal restrictions on women are rampant in Saudi Arabia.
In the end, my friend turned down the job.
One big reason my friend turned down the job was her trepidation about how she would be treated.
Western women work in the Gulf States.
The Gulf States are notoriously misogynistic.
Western women mostly work in PR for governments and doing business with multinationals in the Gulf States.
The biggest contingent of foreign women working in the Gulf States consists of millions of Bangladeshi, Indonesian, and Filipino servants.
The millions of Bangladeshi, Indonesian, and Filipino servants are off the radar.
The events of this past week should be regarded as the silent scream of the millions of foreign women and the native women.
Marte Deborah Dalelv is an interior designer working in Qatar.
Marte Deborah Dalelv reported being raped last year while on a business trip to Dubai.
Marte Deborah Dalelv's alleged attacker was arrested and jailed.
Marte Deborah Dalelv was also jailed.
A court sentenced Marte Deborah Dalelv to 16 months in prison for having unlawful sex.
World outrage at the situation provoked Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum to pardon Marte Deborah Dalelv.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum is a potentate in Dubai.
Marte Deborah Dalelv got her passport back and is free to go home.
Marte Deborah Dalelv told reporters in Dubai she planned to get out soon.
The incident should be a wake-up call for any woman working in the Gulf States.
The incident should be a wake-up call for any man who cares about women working in the Gulf States.
The Gulf States are petro-cash soaked.
The Achaemenid Empire is also called the First Persian Empire.
The Achaemenid Empire was an empire based in Western Asia.
The Achaemenid Empire was founded by Cyrus the Great.
The Achaemenid Empire ranged at its greatest extent from the Balkans and Eastern Europe proper in the west to the Indus Valley in the east.
The Achaemenid Empire was one of the largest empires in history.
The Achaemenid Empire spanned 5.5 million square kilometers.
The Achaemenid Empire was larger than any previous empire in history.
The Achaemenid Empire is notable for its successful model of a centralised, bureaucratic administration.
The centralised, bureaucratic administration of the Achaemenid Empire was managed through satraps under the King of Kings.
The Achaemenid Empire built infrastructure such as road systems and a postal system.
The Achaemenid Empire used an official language across its territories.
The Achaemenid Empire developed civil services and a large professional army.
The successes of the Achaemenid Empire inspired similar systems in later empires.
The Achaemenid Empire is noted in Western history as the antagonist of the Greek city-states during the Greco-Persian Wars.
The Achaemenid Empire is noted for the emancipation of the Jewish exiles in Babylon.
By the 7th century BC, the Persians had settled in the southwestern portion of the Iranian Plateau.
The region of Persis came to be the homeland of the Persians.
From the region of Persis, Cyrus the Great advanced to defeat the Medes.
Cyrus the Great advanced to defeat Lydia.
Cyrus the Great advanced to defeat the Neo-Babylonian Empire.
Cyrus the Great established the Achaemenid Empire.
Alexander the Great was an avid admirer of Cyrus the Great.
Alexander the Great conquered most of the Achaemenid Empire by 330 BC.
Upon the death of Alexander the Great, most of the Achaemenid Empire's former territory came under the rule of the Ptolemaic Kingdom.
Upon the death of Alexander the Great, most of the Achaemenid Empire's former territory came under the rule of the Seleucid Empire.
Other minor territories gained independence at the time of Alexander the Great's death.
The Iranian population of the central plateau reclaimed power by the second century BC under the Parthian Empire.
The snowstorm proved to be a heavy one.
The party at Professor Jeffer's cabin were completely stormbound for three days.
Andy and Chet went out in an endeavor to bring in the dead moose.
Andy and Chet were unable to accomplish their object.
During the time spent at the cabin, the boys became very well acquainted with Barwell Dawson.
Barwell Dawson was a hunter and explorer.
The boys found Barwell Dawson to be a person very much to their liking.
Barwell Dawson was rich and well educated.
Barwell Dawson did not act as if he considered himself above the boys.
Barwell Dawson took a lively interest in all the boys had to tell.
Barwell Dawson knew how to 'draw them out.'
Almost before he knew it, Andy had related the details of his troubles with his shiftless Uncle Si.
Andy had troubles with the mysterious Mr. A. Q. Hopton.
Barwell Dawson said that more than likely Mr. A. Q. Hopton will bear close watching.
Barwell Dawson suggested that if Mr. A. Q. Hopton is a sharper, he will try to swindle both Andy and Andy's uncle.
Barwell Dawson stated that it was very unwise for Andy's uncle to try to do business with Mr. A. Q. Hopton without seeing a lawyer.
Andy answered bitterly that Uncle Si wanted to get the money without Andy knowing it.
Andy was glad to open his heart to somebody who could understand him.
Barwell Dawson expressed belief in Andy's statement about Uncle Si.
Barwell Dawson stated that this is not to Uncle Si's credit.
Andy stated that Uncle Si is shiftless and lazy.
Everybody around the area knows that Uncle Si is shiftless and lazy.
Barwell Dawson concluded that Uncle Si is not fit to be Andy's guardian.
Sarah's eyes opened wide when Sarah heard the sound coming from the basket her mother was holding.
The sound coming from the basket sounded like a kitty.
Sarah said to her mother, 'Mama, what's that sound? It sounds like a kitty!'
Sarah tried to reach the basket.
Sarah's mother was holding the basket up too high for Sarah to reach.
Sarah's mother said, 'Sarah, remember I told you that maybe we can get a pet if you could take good care of it?'
Sarah's mother said, 'Well, you're seven years old now and I think you're ready for a special present.'
Sarah's mother set the basket on the floor.
Sarah fell on her knees with a big grin on her face.
Sarah slowly lifted the yellow kitty.
Sarah held the soft little body of the yellow kitty next to hers.
Sarah gave the yellow kitty a little kiss.
Sarah rubbed the head and neck of the yellow kitty.
The yellow kitty started making gentle sounds.
Sarah asked her mother, 'Why is the kitty making those funny sounds?'
Sarah's mother said, 'Oh, that's called purring.'
Sarah's mother explained, 'It's the sound kittens make when they're happy.'
Sarah asked, 'Can I give it a name?'
Sarah's mother said, 'Sure. It's a girl kitty, but choose any name you like.'
Sarah thought about a name for the yellow kitty.
Sarah's mother got two small bowls.
Sarah's mother placed the two small bowls on the floor.
Sarah's mother put water in one bowl.
Sarah's mother put kitten food in the other bowl.
Sarah's mother said, 'Okay, Sarah. Let's see if the kitty is hungry.'
Sarah put the yellow kitty on the floor.
The yellow kitty walked over to the food bowl.
The yellow kitty quickly started to eat the food.
Sarah laughed at the yellow kitty.
Sarah said, 'I know. I'm going to name you Kitty.'
There was a game of hide and seek that Danny Meadow Mouse once played with Buster Bear.
The game of hide and seek was a very dreadful game for Danny Meadow Mouse.
The game of hide and seek was hard for Danny Meadow Mouse.
The game of hide and seek did not begin to be as hard as the game that Lightfoot the Deer was playing with the hunter in the Green Forest.
In the case of Buster Bear and Danny Meadow Mouse, Danny Meadow Mouse had simply to keep out of reach of Buster Bear.
As long as Buster Bear didn't get his great paws on Danny Meadow Mouse, Danny Meadow Mouse was safe.
Danny Meadow Mouse is a very small person.
Danny Meadow Mouse is so small that he can hide under two or three leaves.
Wherever Danny Meadow Mouse is, he is pretty sure to find a hiding-place of some sort.
Danny Meadow Mouse's small size gives him advantages in a game of hide and seek.
Lightfoot the Deer is big.
Lightfoot the Deer is one of the largest of the people who live in the Green Forest.
Being so big, it is not easy for Lightfoot the Deer to hide.
A hunter with a terrible gun does not have to get close in order to kill.
Lightfoot the Deer knew all this as he waited for the coming of the hunter of whom Sammy Jay had warned him.
Lightfoot the Deer had learned many lessons in the hunting season of the year before.
Lightfoot the Deer remembered every one of the lessons he had learned.
Lightfoot the Deer knew that to forget even one of the lessons might cost him his life.
Lightfoot the Deer was standing motionless behind a tangle of fallen trees.
Lightfoot the Deer listened and watched.
Bath is the largest city in the ceremonial county of Somerset.
Somerset is located in England.
Bath is known for its Roman-built baths.
In 2011, the population of Bath was 88,859.
Bath is located in the valley of the River Avon.
Bath is west of London.
Bath is south-east of Bristol.
The city of Bath became a World Heritage Site in 1987.
Bath became a spa with the Latin name 'the waters of Sulis' in AD 60.
The Romans built baths and a temple in the valley of the River Avon.
Hot springs were known in Bath even before the Romans built baths and a temple.
Bath Abbey was founded in the 7th century.
Bath Abbey became a religious centre.
The building of Bath Abbey was rebuilt in the 12th century.
The building of Bath Abbey was rebuilt in the 16th century.
In the 17th century, claims were made for the curative properties of water from the springs.
Bath became popular as a spa town in the Georgian era.
Georgian architecture in Bath is crafted from Bath stone.
Notable Georgian architecture in Bath includes the Royal Crescent.
Notable Georgian architecture in Bath includes the Circus.
Notable Georgian architecture in Bath includes the Pump Room.
Notable Georgian architecture in Bath includes the Assembly Rooms.
Beau Nash presided over the social life of Bath from 1705 until his death in 1761.
Many of the streets and squares in Bath were laid out by John Wood, the Elder.
In the 18th century, Bath became fashionable.
The population of Bath grew in the 18th century.
Jane Austen lived in Bath in the early 19th century.
Further building was undertaken in Bath in the 19th century.
Further building was undertaken in Bath following the Bath Blitz in World War II.
Lin Xiao is 21 years old.
Lin Xiao is a student at Guangdong University.
Lin Xiao has a big family.
Lin Xiao's family includes her two parents, a younger brother, and two younger sisters.
Lin Xiao took her role as the 'big sister' seriously.
When Lin Xiao's first sister was born, Lin Xiao took turns with her mom holding the baby late into the night.
Lin Xiao felt that she almost did everything that was supposed to be a parent's job.
Lin Xiao felt proud of herself.
Not all of Lin Xiao's classmates shared her experiences.
The family planning policy is a law that was carried out in China about forty years ago.
The situation regarding family planning in China is about to change.
A new policy made on October 29 states that all couples can now have two children.
The new policy is expected to help raise the population of China.
Recently, China has been facing an aging population.
China has been facing labor shortages because of the low birth rate.
The two-child policy may also be a gift for every only child.
Researchers found that growing up with a brother or sister can have a good influence on one's mental health.
Laura Walker is a professor from Beijing University.
Laura Walker told China Daily that brothers and sisters do matter in unique ways.
Laura Walker noted that brothers and sisters give kids something that parents don't.
Having a brother or a sister protects teenagers against loneliness and fear.
Liu Fang is 20 years old.
Liu Fang is from Shenzhen University.
Liu Fang has a sister who is 2 years younger than her.
When Liu Fang's sister disagreed with their parents over choosing a college major, Liu Fang helped her to communicate with their parents.
Liu Fang stated that if necessary, she would always have her sister's back.
Liu Fang believes that the best part of having a sister is that you have a partner, friend, and supporter throughout your life.
Children with brothers or sisters have to learn to understand and look after each other.
Laura Walker made the statement about children needing to understand and look after each other.
It is a Friday in May 2005.
Schapelle Corby stands in the center of a packed courtroom on the tropical island of Bali.
Schapelle Corby is waiting to learn her fate.
Schapelle Corby is a beauty school student from Australia's Gold Coast.
Schapelle Corby is accused of smuggling a large bag of marijuana into Indonesia.
The maximum penalty for drug trafficking in Indonesia is death by firing squad.
A furrow forms between Schapelle Corby's eyebrows as the judge reads out the verdict in Bahasa Indonesia.
Schapelle Corby appears confused.
Schapelle Corby's piercing blue eyes dart around the room.
Schapelle Corby looks at her family.
Schapelle Corby looks at the cameras broadcasting live to televisions around Australia.
Schapelle Corby looks at the ground.
Schapelle Corby looks at her interpreter.
Reality sets in for Schapelle Corby.
The judge said guilty.
Schapelle Corby's sentence is twenty years in a Bali prison.
At the back of the court, members of Schapelle Corby's family erupt with anger.
Mercedes is Schapelle Corby's sister.
Mercedes screams, 'It's not alright! How dare you?'
Rosleigh Rose is Schapelle Corby's mother.
Rosleigh Rose booms at the prosecutors, 'We swore on the Bible to tell the truth and your fellow lied!'
As Schapelle Corby is led away, Rosleigh Rose makes a promise.
Rosleigh Rose promises, 'Schapelle, you will come home. Our government will bring you home.'
Not since Lindy Chamberlain claimed a dingo took her baby in the Outback have Australians become so caught up in a courtroom drama.
Nearly nine years on from the verdict, interest remains strong enough to sustain a soon-to-be-broadcast Australian telemovie based on the case.
Schapelle Corby has walked out of prison on parole but is free.
Australia remains divided as to whether Schapelle Corby is guilty of the crime.
The bodies of six men were found Thursday in the north-central Mexican state of Durango.
The six men had been abducted from a nearby restaurant.
The relatives of Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo said the men were found hours after the abduction.
Carlos Salcedo is 37 years old.
Carlos Salcedo is the brother of Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo.
Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo was a California educator.
Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo was 33 years old.
Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo traveled with his wife to visit her family in Gomez Palacio.
Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo and his wife were eating in a restaurant Wednesday night.
Armed men barged into the restaurant.
The armed men forced everyone onto the floor.
The armed men abducted all six men who were in the party.
At 7 a.m. Thursday, police notified the sister-in-law of Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo.
The police informed the sister-in-law that they had found Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo's body.
Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo's body was found in a local ravine.
Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo had bullet wounds to the head and chest.
Carlos Salcedo stated that all indications are that this was just random, a violent act.
Carlos Salcedo described the incident as just a case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Carlos Salcedo expressed a desire to shed light on the incident and the senseless, violent acts happening across the border.
Carlos Salcedo wants to ensure that justice is found for the incident.
El Monte Mayor Andre Quintero described Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo as a brilliant, bright star for the community.
El Monte Mayor Andre Quintero stated that Augustin Roberto 'Bobby' Salcedo was taken from the community.
El Monte Mayor Andre Quintero emphasized the need to hold the perpetrators accountable for their actions.
Sri Lanka's current president is Mahinda Rajapaksa.
Mahinda Rajapaksa has conceded defeat to rival Maithripala Sirisena in the country's presidential election.
The concession of defeat brings an end to a decade of leadership increasingly criticized as corrupt and nepotistic.
Mahinda Rajapaksa acknowledged the defeat on his official Twitter account on Friday.
Mahinda Rajapaksa wrote that he values and respects the democratic process and the people's verdict.
Mahinda Rajapaksa looks forward to the peaceful transition of power.
Maithripala Sirisena would be sworn in at 6 p.m. local time in Colombo's Independence Square.
Dhanushka Ramanayake is the head of Maithripala Sirisena's media unit.
The defeat of Mahinda Rajapaksa was the result of a failed electoral gamble.
In November, Mahinda Rajapaksa called elections two years earlier than required.
Mahinda Rajapaksa was shocked by the defection of many key political allies.
The man who would unseat Mahinda Rajapaksa was among the defectors.
The defections apparently wrong-footed Mahinda Rajapaksa.
The opposition had the better of the campaign according to analysts.
Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu is the executive director of Sri Lanka's Center for Policy Alternatives.
Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu stated that Mahinda Rajapaksa didn't expect the candidate to be Maithripala Sirisena.
Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu thinks Mahinda Rajapaksa probably underestimated the disaffection in the country.
Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu believes there was a desire for change in the country.
Maithripala Sirisena served as general-secretary of Mahinda Rajapaksa's Sri Lanka Freedom Party.
Maithripala Sirisena served as health minister in Mahinda Rajapaksa's cabinet.
Maithripala Sirisena switched allegiance to a broad opposition alliance.
The broad opposition alliance proved to be Mahinda Rajapaksa's most serious political challenge.
The unwieldy coalition includes the center-right United National Party.
The unwieldy coalition includes the hardline Sinhala Buddhist Jathika Hela Urumaya.
The unwieldy coalition includes parties representing the substantial Tamil and Muslim minorities.
The narrator shall never forget the night, a few years ago, when Marion J. Douglas was a student in one of the narrator's classes.
The narrator has not used Marion J. Douglas's real name for personal reasons.
Marion J. Douglas requested that the narrator not use his real name.
Marion J. Douglas told his real story before one of the narrator's adult-education classes.
Marion J. Douglas told the class how tragedy had struck at his home, not once, but twice.
The first time, Marion J. Douglas lost his five-year-old daughter, a child he adored.
Marion J. Douglas and his wife thought they couldn't bear that first loss.
Ten months later, God gave Marion J. Douglas another little girl.
The second little girl died in five days.
This double tragedy was almost too much for Marion J. Douglas to bear.
Marion J. Douglas told the class, 'I couldn't take it.'
Marion J. Douglas said he couldn't sleep, he couldn't eat, and he couldn't rest or relax.
Marion J. Douglas's nerves were entirely shaken and his confidence was gone.
At last, Marion J. Douglas went to doctors.
One doctor recommended sleeping pills.
Another doctor recommended a trip.
Marion J. Douglas tried both recommendations, but neither helped.
Marion J. Douglas said, 'My body felt as if it was surrounded in a vice, and the jaws of the vice were being drawn tighter and tighter.'
The tension of grief can paralyze a person.
The narrator had one child left, a four-year-old son.
The four-year-old son gave the narrator the solution to his problem.
One afternoon, the four-year-old son asked, 'Daddy, will you build a boat for me?'
The narrator was in no mood to build a boat.
The narrator was in no mood to do anything.
The four-year-old son is a persistent little fellow.
The narrator had to give in to his son's request.
Building the toy boat took the narrator about three hours.
By the time the toy boat was finished, the narrator realized that those three hours spent building the boat were the first hours of mental relaxation and peace that he had had in months.
The narrator realized that it is difficult to worry while busy doing something that requires planning and thinking.
In the narrator's case, building the boat had knocked worry out of the ring.
The narrator determined to keep busy.
The following night, the narrator went from room to room in the house, making a list of jobs that ought to be done.
Scores of items needed to be repaired in the house.
The items that needed repair included a bookcase, stair steps, storm windows, window-shades, locks, and leaky taps.
In the course of two weeks, the narrator had made a list of 242 items that needed attention.
During the last two years, the narrator has completed most of the items on the list.
The narrator is busy now and has no time for worry.
Winston Churchill said, 'I am too busy. I have no time for worry.'
Winston Churchill was working eighteen hours a day at the height of the war.
When Winston Churchill was asked if he worried about his huge responsibilities, he said, 'I am too busy. I have no time for worry.'
Once upon a time, there was a bird named Lily.
Lily lived in a tree with her parents.
One day, Lily flew to her friend Molly's tree nest.
Lily did not ask for her parents' permission before flying to Molly's tree nest.
Lily and Molly were having lots of fun playing.
The time passed by so fast while Lily and Molly were playing.
Lily and Molly played tag.
Lily and Molly played hide and seek.
Lily and Molly even played racing to see who could fly the fastest.
Lily's parents started to get very worried when Lily did not return home for dinner.
Lily's parents called neighbors and friends.
Lily's parents even called Molly.
Lily's parents did not hear the phone ringing.
It was not until Molly's mom called Molly down to eat that Lily saw that it was almost past dinner time.
Lily told Molly she had to go home.
When Lily got home, her parents were crying.
Lily's parents were very upset because they thought something happened to Lily.
Lily felt very bad for not telling her parents.
Lily said she would never leave without telling her parents again.
Lily's parents forgave Lily.
Lily's parents sent Lily to bed.
Lily went right to sleep.
One day, Billy and Sandy went to the neighborhood fair.
Billy and Sandy were excited because Bob the clown was going to be at the fair this year.
Billy and Sandy had heard a lot about Bob the clown.
Bob the clown was funny.
Bob the clown knew a lot of balloon tricks.
Bob the clown always made the kids laugh.
Bob the clown gave out small prizes to many of the children at the fair.
Billy and Sandy had heard that sometimes Bob the clown would give out free cotton candy.
Billy and Sandy had heard that sometimes Bob the clown would give out candy apples.
Billy and Sandy had waited all year for the fair.
Billy and Sandy were excited.
Billy and Sandy did all their chores.
Billy and Sandy cleaned their rooms so they could go to the fair.
When Billy and Sandy got to the fair, they were happy to see that Bob the clown was handing out cotton candy and candy apples.
Billy and Sandy waited in line.
Once it was their turn, Billy got a balloon in the shape of a dog.
Once it was their turn, Sandy got a big bag of cotton candy.
Billy and Sandy were both happy.
Billy and Sandy could not wait to tell their friends all about Bob the clown.
A couple of weeks ago, Ella threatened to take the phone of her father and break it.
Ella is the 12-year-old daughter of the narrator.
Ella says, 'At night you'll always have your phone out and break you'll just type.'
Ella adds, 'I'm ready to go to bed, and try to get you to read stories for me and you're just standing there reading your texts and texting other people.'
The narrator came to realize that he was ignoring Ella as a father.
Ella isn't the only kid who feels this way about her parent's relationship with devices.
Catherine Steiner-Adair is a psychologist at Harvard.
Catherine Steiner-Adair wrote the book titled The Big Disconnect: Protecting Childhood and Family Relationships in the Digital Age.
Catherine Steiner-Adair interviewed more than 1,000 kids from the ages of 4 to 18 for her book.
Catherine Steiner-Adair talked to hundreds of teachers and parents for her book.
Catherine Steiner-Adair says that one of the many things that knocked her socks off was the consistency with which children talked about feeling exhausted and frustrated or mad trying to get their parents' attention.
Children compete with computer screens or iPhone screens or any kind of technology for their parents' attention.
A couple of years ago, Ella got a laptop for school.
The narrator and his family got Ella a phone because she was becoming more independent.
The narrator and his family set up rules for when Ella could use the device and when she needed to put it away.
The narrator and his family created a charging station outside Ella's bedroom.
Ella has to plug in her devices every night at the charging station.
Except for homework, Ella has to put all her devices away when she comes home.
Catherine Steiner-Adair says that most adults don't set up similar limits in their own lives.
Catherine Steiner-Adair states that adults have lost the boundaries that protect work and family life.
Catherine Steiner-Adair says that it is very hard for adults to manage themselves and be present in the moments their children need them.
After Ella's little intervention, the narrator made himself a promise to create his own charging station.
The narrator promised to plug his phone in somewhere far away when he is done working for the day.
The narrator has been trying to leave his phone untouched for most of the weekend.
Phineas Duge was in London.
Phineas Duge was still a man of affairs.
Phineas Duge had a cigar in his mouth.
Phineas Duge had his hands behind his back.
Phineas Duge was strolling about his handsomely furnished sitting-room at Claridge's.
Phineas Duge was dictating to a secretary.
The faint click of a typewriter came from an adjoining room.
Virginia entered somewhat unceremoniously.
Guy followed Virginia.
Phineas Duge looked at Virginia and Guy in some surprise.
Virginia said to Phineas Duge, 'I met Guy coming away from Coniston Mansions.'
Virginia said to Phineas Duge, 'He was looking for me, and I have brought him to see you.'
Phineas Duge held out his hand.
In obedience to a gesture from Phineas Duge, the secretary got up and left the room.
Guy said, 'I am very glad to meet you, sir.'
Guy mentioned that Virginia had only mentioned Phineas Duge's first name.
Guy said, 'I am the Duke of Mowbray.'
Guy expressed that he was very glad indeed to meet Phineas Duge if Phineas Duge was Virginia's uncle.
Guy thought that Virginia treated him rather badly a week ago.
Guy added, with a twinkle in his eyes, 'I am disposed to be forgiving.'
Guy stated, 'I want your niece to be my wife, sir.'
Mr. Duge answered a little drily, 'Indeed!'
Mr. Duge expressed that he could not say that he was glad to hear Guy's statement, as he had only just discovered Virginia himself.
Guy responded, 'There is no reason, sir, why you should lose her.'
Virginia smiled and said, 'You don't even know my uncle's name yet.'
Phineas Duge answered, 'I am Phineas Duge.'
Phineas Duge stated, 'I dare say you have never heard of me.'
Phineas Duge mentioned that he does not come often to England.
Education is the process of facilitating learning.
Education involves the acquisition of knowledge, skills, values, beliefs, and habits.
Educational methods include storytelling.
Educational methods include discussion.
Educational methods include teaching.
Educational methods include training.
Educational methods include directed research.
Education frequently takes place under the guidance of educators.
Learners may also educate themselves.
Education can take place in formal settings.
Education can take place in informal settings.
Any experience that has a formative effect on the way one thinks, feels, or acts may be considered educational.
The methodology of teaching is called pedagogy.
After the Fall of Rome, the Catholic Church became the sole preserver of literate scholarship in Western Europe.
The Catholic Church established cathedral schools in the Early Middle Ages.
Cathedral schools served as centers of advanced education.
Some cathedral schools ultimately evolved into medieval universities.
Some cathedral schools are forebears of many of Europe's modern universities.
During the High Middle Ages, Chartres Cathedral operated the famous and influential Chartres Cathedral School.
The medieval universities of Western Christendom were well-integrated across all of Western Europe.
The medieval universities of Western Christendom encouraged freedom of inquiry.
The medieval universities of Western Christendom produced a great variety of fine scholars and natural philosophers.
Thomas Aquinas was a scholar of the University of Naples.
Robert Grosseteste was a scholar of the University of Oxford.
Robert Grosseteste was an early expositor of a systematic method of scientific experimentation.
Saint Albert the Great was a pioneer of biological field research.
The University of Bologna was founded in 1088.
The University of Bologna is considered the first university.
The University of Bologna is the oldest continually operating university.
Arthur sat at the desk in his room.
Arthur had a pencil in hand.
Arthur had to write a story for his English class by Friday.
Arthur complained to his dog Toby.
Toby was asleep at Arthur's feet.
Arthur was talkative when speaking to his friends.
Arthur had trouble finding words when he had to write.
By bedtime, Arthur had drawn a picture of Toby smiling.
Arthur had drawn a tree with its branches blowing in the strong wind.
Arthur had also written a note asking his friend Lee to go to the movies on Saturday.
Arthur had not written a single word of his story.
On Wednesday, Mrs. Solomon was Arthur's English teacher.
Mrs. Solomon asked the class to turn in the first draft of their stories.
Arthur's heart sank.
Arthur turned in the only work he had.
The work Arthur turned in included the page with his name, the drawings, and the note.
Arthur wasn't surprised when Mrs. Solomon asked him to stay after class the next day.
Arthur was surprised by what Mrs. Solomon said to him.
Mrs. Solomon said, 'This is an attractive story, Arthur.'
Mrs. Solomon mentioned the dog, the movie, and the tree in the wind.
Mrs. Solomon expressed excitement to find out how they all fit together.
Arthur admitted to Mrs. Solomon, 'That isn't my story.'
Arthur stated that he hadn't been able to think of one yet.
Mrs. Solomon replied, 'Oh, I think you have the seed of a story there.'
Mrs. Solomon suggested Arthur look at his note and the pictures to see if a story comes to him.
That night, Arthur sat at his desk.
Arthur wrote a story that began with, 'One Saturday Mike went downstairs to meet his friend Julio at the cinema.'
It looked as if it might rain.
Mike carried his umbrella.
Suddenly a big storm blew in, bending the trees.
The noise of the wind sounded like the barking of Mike's dog Toby.
Toby really hated storms.
Toby barked whenever he wanted to be let inside.
Mike realized that it wasn't the sound of the wind.
The sound was Toby.
Toby was running after Mike down the busy street, barking.
The sound was filled with blame.
Mike felt guilty because he had left Toby outside.
Mike turned and headed home with Toby running beside him.
Mike let Toby in the door just as the rain started to pour down.
Arthur had a story in the end.
The last thing Arthur did was to write his name proudly at the top of the page.
There once was a guy named Kevin.
There once was a girl named Erin.
Kevin and Erin really liked spending time together.
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England.
Kevin and Erin thought to take a sudden trip around the world.
Kevin and Erin first traveled by plane around Europe.
Kevin and Erin saw many different people and sights in Europe.
Kevin and Erin then took a boat to Africa.
Kevin and Erin took a boat to Asia.
Kevin and Erin went on a trip through the mountains in Africa and Asia.
Later in the month, Kevin and Erin traveled to China by train.
Kevin and Erin were allowed to see how different life was in China.
Next, Kevin and Erin took another plane to Australia.
Kevin and Erin had a lot of fun seeing kangaroos in Australia.
Kevin and Erin saw a different type of English speaking people in Australia.
After spending a week in Australia, Kevin and Erin took a really long plane ride to North America.
In North America, Kevin and Erin drove across the land.
Kevin and Erin saw everything from the mountains to forests in North America.
Kevin and Erin even got to visit the beach in North America.
Because Kevin and Erin had so much fun, Kevin returned home with Erin to England.
Kevin and Erin hung out and spent the next few days and months talking about all of the neat things they saw and did on their trip.
An atoll is sometimes called a coral atoll.
An atoll is a ring-shaped coral reef.
An atoll includes a coral rim that encircles a lagoon partially or completely.
There may be coral islands or cays on the rim of the atoll.
The coral of the atoll often sits atop the rim of an extinct seamount or volcano.
The extinct seamount or volcano has eroded or subsided partially beneath the water.
The lagoon forms over the volcanic crater or caldera.
The higher rim of the atoll remains above water or at shallow depths.
The shallow depths permit the coral to grow and form the reefs.
For the atoll to persist, continued erosion or subsidence must occur.
The rate of erosion or subsidence must be slow enough to permit reef growth upwards and outwards.
The word 'atoll' comes from the Dhivehi word 'atholhu'.
Dhivehi is an Indo-Aryan language spoken on the Maldive Islands.
The word 'atholhu' means an administrative subdivision.
The first recorded use of the word 'atoll' in English was in 1625 as 'atollon'.
Charles Darwin recognized the indigenous origin of the word 'atoll'.
Charles Darwin coined the definition of atolls in his work 'The Structure and Distribution of Coral Reefs'.
Charles Darwin defined atolls as 'circular groups of coral islets'.
The definition of atolls is synonymous with 'lagoon-island'.
More modern definitions of 'atoll' describe them as 'annular reefs enclosing a lagoon'.
In modern definitions, atolls are described as having no promontories other than reefs and islets composed of reef detritus.
In an exclusively morphological sense, atolls are described as 'a ring-shaped ribbon reef enclosing a lagoon'.
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the senior bishop of the Church of England.
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the principal leader of the Church of England.
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the symbolic head of the worldwide Anglican Communion.
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the diocesan bishop of the Diocese of Canterbury.
The current Archbishop of Canterbury is Justin Welby.
Justin Welby's enthronement took place at Canterbury Cathedral on 21 March 2013.
Justin Welby is the 105th Archbishop of Canterbury.
The line of Archbishops of Canterbury goes back more than 1400 years to Augustine of Canterbury.
Augustine of Canterbury is known as the 'Apostle to the English'.
Augustine of Canterbury was sent from Rome in the year 597.
Justin Welby succeeded Rowan Williams as Archbishop of Canterbury.
From the time of St Augustine of Canterbury in the 6th century, the Archbishops of Canterbury were in full communion with the See of Rome.
Archbishop Reginald Pole was the Archbishop of Canterbury in the 16th century.
The Archbishops of Canterbury usually received the pallium.
During the English Reformation, the Church of England broke away from the authority of the Pope.
The Church of England broke away from the Roman Catholic Church based upon King Henry VIII's divorce from Catherine of Aragon.
In the Middle Ages, there was considerable variation in the methods of nomination of the Archbishop of Canterbury.
The methods of nomination of the Archbishop of Canterbury varied at various times.
The choice of the Archbishop of Canterbury was made by the canons of Canterbury Cathedral at various times.
The choice of the Archbishop of Canterbury was made by the Pope at various times.
The choice of the Archbishop of Canterbury was made by the King of England at various times.
Since the English Reformation, the Church of England has been more explicitly a state church.
The news that Terence brought to the regiment gave great and general satisfaction.
Herrara was delighted to hear that Herrara was to be made a lieutenant-colonel in Herrara's army.
Bull and Macwitty were overjoyed on hearing that Bull and Macwitty had both been recommended for commissions.
Herrara's troopers were equally pleased.
The rank and file felt no less gratification at the honour of being attached to the British army.
The rank and file felt no less gratification at the substantial improvement in their condition that this would entail.
On the following day, Herrara's friends and Mary O'Connor left for Lisbon.
Mary O'Connor astonished Terence by bursting into tears as Mary O'Connor said good-bye to Terence.
Mary O'Connor expressed gratitude to Terence for all that Terence had done for Mary O'Connor.
Mary O'Connor stated that Terence had always stopped Mary O'Connor whenever Mary O'Connor had tried to express gratitude.
Mary O'Connor stated that Mary O'Connor would always feel gratitude towards Terence.
Mary O'Connor stated that Mary O'Connor would always think of Terence and love Terence dearly.
Terence stated that it had been just as fortunate for Terence as it had been good for Mary O'Connor.
Terence stated that Terence had never had a sister.
Terence stated that Terence seemed to have found a sister now.
Mary O'Connor looked up, pouting.
Mary O'Connor stated that Mary O'Connor did not think that Mary O'Connor should particularly care about being a sister.
Mary O'Connor stated that Mary O'Connor would rather remain a cousin.
Terence looked surprised and a little hurt.
Mary O'Connor laughed and stated that Terence was only a silly boy.
Mary O'Connor stated that Terence would understand better some day.
Mary O'Connor said good-bye to Terence.
The smile faded from Mary O'Connor's face.
World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki began her latest bid for a first grand slam title with a 6-2 6-1 win over Anastasia Rodionova on Monday.
Caroline Wozniacki joined last year's finalists Kim Clijsters and Li Na in the second round of the Australian Open.
Caroline Wozniacki looked in good shape as she wrapped up victory against Anastasia Rodionova in 76 minutes.
Caroline Wozniacki admitted she was worried about a wrist injury she suffered during last week's quarterfinal defeat at the Sydney International.
Caroline Wozniacki expressed nervousness before the match.
Caroline Wozniacki did not know exactly what to expect before the match.
Caroline Wozniacki stated that her wrist feels better.
Caroline Wozniacki was very happy about the way she felt during the match.
Caroline Wozniacki got into the rhythm as the match went on.
Caroline Wozniacki will next play Georgia's 83rd-ranked Anna Tatishvili.
Anna Tatishvili beat Australia's Ashleigh Barty 6-2 7-6 (7-4).
Former No. 1 Kim Clijsters made a strong start to the defense of her crown with a 7-5 6-1 defeat of Portuguese qualifier Maria Joao Koehler.
Kim Clijsters is the Belgian 11th seed.
Kim Clijsters will play France's world No. 98 Stephanie Foretz Gacon in the last 64.
Kim Clijsters showed little sign of the hip injury which forced her out of the Brisbane International 10 days ago.
Kim Clijsters wanted to go out there and start playing.
Kim Clijsters has had the desire to play ever since she came to Australia.
Kim Clijsters had a good off-season where she worked to be in good shape for Australia.
Kim Clijsters wanted to put her off-season training to the test and play matches again.
Wool is the textile fiber obtained from sheep and other animals.
Cashmere is a type of wool obtained from goats.
Mohair is a type of wool obtained from goats.
Qiviut is a type of wool obtained from muskoxen.
Angora is a type of wool obtained from rabbits.
Other types of wool are obtained from camelids.
Wool mainly consists of protein together with a few percent lipids.
Wool is chemically quite distinct from cotton.
Cotton is mainly composed of cellulose.
Wool is produced by follicles.
Follicles are small cells located in the skin.
Follicles are located in the upper layer of the skin called the epidermis.
Follicles push down into the second skin layer called the dermis as the wool fibers grow.
Follicles can be classed as either primary or secondary follicles.
Primary follicles produce three types of fiber: kemp, medullated fibers, and true wool fibers.
Secondary follicles only produce true wool fibers.
Medullated fibers share nearly identical characteristics to hair.
Medullated fibers are long but lack crimp and elasticity.
Kemp fibers are very coarse and shed out.
Wool's scaling and crimp make it easier to spin the fleece.
Wool's scaling and crimp help the individual fibers attach to each other.
Wool fibers stay together due to their scaling and crimp.
Wool fabrics have greater bulk than other textiles because of the crimp.
Wool fabrics hold air, which causes the fabric to retain heat.
Wool has a high specific heat coefficient.
Wool impedes heat transfer in general.
The effect of wool's heat retention has benefited desert peoples.
Bedouins use wool clothes for insulation.
Tuaregs use wool clothes for insulation.
The chapter is titled 'The Fitzgeralds of Castle Richmond.'
It may be difficult to say what idea of carrying out his plans was prevalent in Fitzgerald's mind when Fitzgerald was defiant of the countess.
Fitzgerald probably had no idea but felt at the spur of the moment that it would be weak to yield.
The consequence was that when Lady Desmond left Hap House, Fitzgerald was obliged to consider himself as being at feud with the family.
Fitzgerald did see the young lord once again during the holidays.
Fitzgerald even entertained the young lord at Hap House.
The earl's pride would not give way an inch.
Lord Desmond expressed that he liked Owen but could only oppose the match.
Lord Desmond stated that it would be a bad match for his sister.
Lord Desmond suggested that Owen would feel the same if he were in Lord Desmond's place.
After that, they none of them met for many months.
During this time, life went on in a very triste manner at Desmond Court.
Lady Desmond felt that she had done her duty by her daughter.
Lady Desmond's tenderness to Clara was not increased by the fact that Clara's foolish attachment had driven Fitzgerald from the place.
Clara kept her word and rigidly resolved to keep it.
Clara returned letters which Owen had caused to be conveyed to her hand unopened and without a word of notice twice.
Clara had not ceased to love Owen.
Clara had high ideas of truth and honour and would not break her word.
Clara may have been sustained in her misery by the remembrance that heroines are always miserable.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon paid a visit to Baghdad on Friday.
Ban Ki-moon congratulated the citizens of Baghdad for last weekend's Iraq-led provincial elections.
Ban Ki-moon described the Iraq-led provincial elections as 'remarkable'.
Ban Ki-moon stated that the elections 'augurs well for the transition process and the solidifying of Iraq's national reconciliation'.
Ban Ki-moon met with Iraq President Jalal Talabani in Baghdad.
Ban Ki-moon's tour also included visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Ban Ki-moon met with Iraqi leaders during his visit.
Ban Ki-moon appeared at a news conference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki.
Nuri al-Maliki's allies won big in nine of the 14 provinces where the local elections were held.
Ban Ki-moon has been following the electoral process closely.
Ban Ki-moon followed the electoral process from the early days of the parliamentary debate over the elections law last summer.
Ban Ki-moon followed the electoral process to the final stages of adjudication of the complaints.
Ban Ki-moon noted the release of the provisional results yesterday evening.
Ban Ki-moon stated that it will be some days before final results are known.
Ban Ki-moon indicated that current indications are that the elections have been successfully carried out.
Ban Ki-moon last visited Iraq in 2007.
In March 2007, Ban Ki-moon experienced violence in the Iraqi capital.
An explosion rattled Baghdad's International Zone during Ban Ki-moon's televised news conference with Nuri al-Maliki.
Nuri al-Maliki remained stoic during the explosion.
Ban Ki-moon briefly ducked before regaining his composure and continuing the news conference.
Ban Ki-moon expressed that he is 'very much impressed' by the success and progress made by the Iraqi government and people.
Ban Ki-moon congratulated the Iraqi government and people for their improvements in security under the leadership of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki.
The day is like any other day in Tom's life.
Tom walks past the shop at the street corner.
Tom stops to look at the front row of shoes.
Tom feels happy to see that the pair of shoes he wants very much is still there.
Tom feels sorry for himself.
Tom really wants to have the shoes for his birthday.
Tom sadly walks away.
Tom thinks about how to tell his mother about the shoes.
Tom knows his mother will give him anything he likes if she can.
Tom knows very well that his mother has little money.
Tom decides not to go home so quickly.
Tom looks worried.
Tom's mother will see that he looks worried.
Tom goes to the park.
Tom sits on the grass in the park.
Tom sees a boy in a wheelchair.
Tom notices that the boy moves the wheelchair with his hands.
Tom looks at the boy carefully.
Tom is surprised to see that the boy has no feet.
Tom looks at his own feet.
Tom thinks that it is much better to be without shoes than without feet.
Tom smiles.
Tom is happier.
Three high school students became heroes after their act of saving a baby's life.
Andrew Willis is 15 years old.
Chris Willis is 13 years old.
Reece Galea is 14 years old.
Andrew Willis, Chris Willis, and Reece Galea were walking along Swallow Drive on their way to school on May 23.
Nicholle Price ran out of her house, shouting for help.
Nicholle Price is the mother of a six-month-old son named Corey.
Corey had swallowed an earring.
Nicholle Price could not ring for help because something was wrong with her phone.
The three teenagers rushed to the aid of Nicholle Price.
The three teenagers called an ambulance.
The three teenagers calmed Nicholle Price down.
The three teenagers waited with Nicholle Price until the ambulance arrived.
After the incident, the three teenagers headed to school.
Nicholle Price, Corey, and Corey's grandmother Joyce Finnie visited the school last Thursday.
Nicholle Price visited the school to thank the boys for their kind action.
Nicholle Price expressed that it is good to know that there are still some good people who will stop and help.
Nicholle Price mentioned that while she was shouting for help, a woman walking her dog went straight past without stopping.
Nicholle Price does not know what would have happened if Andrew Willis, Chris Willis, and Reece Galea had not stopped.
The teenagers were shocked at the attention they received at school for their heroic act.
The teenagers admitted that the incident was nerve-racking.
Andrew Willis stated that they heard Nicholle Price shouting, so they knew something wasn't right.
Andrew Willis thought someone had died.
Andrew Willis described the situation as scary but stated that they just did what they had to do.
Tim McCallum is the principal of the school.
Tim McCallum is just as proud of the boys as their parents are.
Corey spent two days in the hospital.
Corey has now fully recovered.
Nicholle Price mentioned that Corey has two new teeth to show.
Nicholle Price stated that she has to keep a closer eye on Corey.
Nicholle Price noted that Corey is into everything now and grabs whatever he finds to put it straight into his mouth.
Tommy was a cowboy.
Tommy lived by the Gentle River.
Tommy had a horse named Candy.
The Gentle River was as clear as a mirror.
One day, Tommy was riding Candy along the shore.
Tommy saw a fire in the distance.
Tommy expressed surprise about the fire.
Tommy and Candy went to see the fire.
The fire was deep in the hills.
It took a long time for Tommy and Candy to get to the fire.
By the time Tommy and Candy arrived, it was almost supper time.
The fire was a campfire.
There was a little girl at the campfire.
The little girl was drawing pictures with crayons.
Tommy greeted the little girl.
The little girl introduced herself as Lucy.
Lucy was camping.
Lucy's tent got blown away by the wind.
Lucy was sitting by the fire and drawing pictures.
Tommy asked Lucy what she was drawing.
Lucy was finishing up a drawing of a dragon.
Lucy pointed at two drawings on the ground next to her.
The two drawings were held in place with pebbles.
One drawing was of an elf.
The other drawing was of a pony.
Tommy complimented Lucy's drawings.
Tommy introduced himself and his horse Candy.
Lucy expressed pleasure to meet Tommy and Candy.
Lucy invited Tommy to draw with her.
Lucy suggested they could do a drawing of Candy together.
Tommy agreed that it would be fun.
Tommy and Lucy sat down and drew a picture of Candy together.
The Chicago Tribune is a daily newspaper.
The Chicago Tribune is based in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
The Chicago Tribune is owned by Tronc, Inc.
Tronc, Inc. was formerly known as Tribune Publishing.
The Chicago Tribune was founded in 1847.
The Chicago Tribune was formerly self-styled as the 'World's Greatest Newspaper'.
WGN radio and television are named after the 'World's Greatest Newspaper'.
The Chicago Tribune remains the most-read daily newspaper of the Chicago metropolitan area.
The Chicago Tribune remains the most-read daily newspaper of the Great Lakes region.
The Chicago Tribune is the eighth-largest newspaper in the United States by circulation.
The Chicago Tribune became the second-largest newspaper under Tribune's ownership after Tribune's parent company purchased the 'Los Angeles Times'.
The Chicago Tribune was traditionally published as a broadsheet.
On January 13, 2009, the 'Tribune' announced it would continue publishing as a broadsheet for home delivery.
The 'Tribune' announced it would publish in tabloid format for newsstand, news box, and commuter station sales.
The change to tabloid format proved to be unpopular with readers.
In August 2011, the 'Tribune' discontinued the tabloid edition.
The 'Tribune' returned to its traditional broadsheet edition through all distribution channels.
The 'Tribune's masthead is notable for displaying the American flag.
The display of the American flag on the masthead is in reference to the paper's motto.
The paper's motto is 'An American Paper for Americans.'
The motto is no longer displayed on the masthead.
The motto was placed below the flag on the masthead.
The 'Tribune' was founded by James Kelly.
The 'Tribune' was founded by John E. Wheeler.
The 'Tribune' was founded by Joseph K. C. Forrest.
The first edition of the 'Tribune' was published on June 10, 1847.
Numerous changes in ownership and editorship took place over the next eight years.
Initially, the 'Tribune' was not politically affiliated.
The 'Tribune' tended to support either the Whig or Free Soil parties against the Democrats in elections.
By late 1853, the 'Tribune' was frequently running xenophobic editorials that criticized foreigners and Roman Catholics.
Around late 1853, the 'Tribune' became a strong proponent of temperance.
The 'Tribune' formally affiliated itself with the nativist American or Know Nothing party on February 10, 1855.
Levi Boone was the candidate of the American or Know Nothing party.
Levi Boone was elected Mayor of Chicago the following month after the 'Tribune' affiliated itself with the party.
Rick Hansen was always an active kid.
Rick Hansen loved to fish.
Rick Hansen had an accident while returning in a truck from a fishing trip.
Rick Hansen suffered injuries to his spine.
Rick Hansen was a 15-year-old young man when he awoke to find that he had lost the use of his legs.
Rick Hansen did not give up after losing the use of his legs.
Many months later, Rick Hansen began to compete in wheelchair sports.
At the age of 27, Rick Hansen decided to wheel around the world.
Rick Hansen aimed to raise awareness and money for spinal cord research.
Rick Hansen's tour took him through 34 countries around the world between 1985 and 1987.
In the Man of Motion World Tour, Rick Hansen wheeled 24,901.55 miles.
The distance of 24,901.55 miles is equal to the distance around the earth.
Bad weather often provided challenges for Rick Hansen.
Difficult, rocky roads often provided challenges for Rick Hansen.
Rick Hansen continued to push himself to complete the trip.
Rick Hansen was determined to succeed.
Mountains did not stop Rick Hansen.
Rick Hansen wheeled himself up the Rocky Mountains.
Rick Hansen wheeled himself up several other major mountains in the world.
Rick Hansen wheeled himself along the Great Wall of China.
Rick Hansen's motto was 'Never Give Up On Your Dreams.'
Rick Hansen has not given up yet.
Rick Hansen completed his world tour raising $24 million.
Rick Hansen continues to work to increase knowledge of spinal cord injury.
Rick Hansen is a true Canadian hero.
Rick Hansen shows what determination can achieve.
There was a princess named Janet.
Janet was very pretty.
Janet wanted to marry a prince named Harold.
Harold had three sisters.
Harold's three sisters did not want Janet and Harold to get married.
Harold's three sisters were named Tammy, Jenny, and Clarice.
Tammy liked Janet.
Jenny liked Janet.
Clarice did not like Janet.
Clarice was very mean to Janet.
Clarice tried to get Harold to hate Janet.
One night, Clarice threw a shoe at Janet.
Janet ducked.
The shoe hit Harold instead.
From that day on, Janet knew she would get even with Clarice.
Janet was going to cut off Clarice's hair one night.
While Clarice was asleep, Janet went into Clarice's room.
Janet cut off Clarice's hair with scissors.
When Clarice woke up, she looked in the mirror.
Clarice screamed when she saw her hair.
After that, Clarice did not give Janet trouble.
Clarice wanted her hair to be long.
Janet was free to marry Harold.
Janet and Harold lived happily ever after in the castle.
The stated clauses of the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact were a guarantee of non-belligerence by each party towards the other.
The stated clauses of the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact included a written commitment that neither party would ally itself to, or aid, an enemy of the other party.
The treaty included a secret protocol.
The secret protocol divided territories of Romania, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Finland into German and Soviet spheres of influence.
The secret protocol anticipated potential territorial and political rearrangements of Romania, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Finland.
Germany invaded Poland on 1 September 1939.
The SovietJapanese ceasefire agreement took effect on 16 September.
Stalin ordered his own invasion of Poland on 17 September.
Part of southeastern Karelia and the Salla region in Finland were annexed by the Soviet Union after the Winter War.
Soviet annexations of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and parts of Romania occurred after the Winter War.
The parts of Romania that were annexed by the Soviet Union included Bessarabia, Northern Bukovina, and the Hertza region.
Concern about ethnic Ukrainians and Belarusians had been proffered as justification for the Soviet invasion of Poland.
Stalin's invasion of Bukovina in 1940 violated the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact.
Stalin's invasion of Bukovina in 1940 went beyond the Soviet sphere of influence agreed with the Axis.
Justin Bieber's newest friend is Malala Yousafzai.
Malala Yousafzai is a Pakistani schoolgirl.
Malala Yousafzai survived an attack by the Taliban.
Malala Yousafzai advocates for girls' rights.
Malala Yousafzai has met with President Barack Obama.
Malala Yousafzai has met with Queen Elizabeth II.
Malala Yousafzai has met with many others.
Malala Yousafzai's online encounter with Justin Bieber is likely to make her the envy of teen girls around the world.
Justin Bieber is 20 years old.
Justin Bieber posted a screenshot of his conversation with Malala Yousafzai on Twitter.
Justin Bieber stated, 'Just got to FaceTime with Malala Yousafzai.'
Justin Bieber described Malala Yousafzai as having an incredible story.
Justin Bieber expressed excitement to meet Malala Yousafzai in person.
Justin Bieber wants to talk about how he can support Malala Yousafzai and the @malalafund.
The Pakistani Taliban targeted Malala Yousafzai for assassination in 2012.
The Pakistani Taliban targeted Malala Yousafzai because of her outspoken support for girls' education in her native country.
Malala Yousafzai has not posted any tweets about her time with Justin Bieber.
Malala Yousafzai confided to Christiane Amanpour that she was a Justin Bieber fan.
Justin Bieber's representative said she had no official comment.
Justin Bieber's representative did not comment on if there are plans for Justin Bieber and Malala Yousafzai to meet in person.
Justin Bieber has a reputation as an out-of-control celebrity.
Justin Bieber earned his reputation partly from three arrests earlier this year.
Justin Bieber has an impressive track record of good deeds.
Justin Bieber has helped grant the wishes of more than 200 children through the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
The Make-A-Wish Foundation fulfills the wishes of children diagnosed with life-threatening medical conditions.
One recent recipient of a wish was Grace Kesablak.
Grace Kesablak was Justin Bieber's date to the Young Hollywood Awards in Los Angeles last month.
Justin Bieber was given the 'Champ of Charity Award' at the Young Hollywood Awards.
Schleswig-Holstein is the northernmost of the 16 states of Germany.
Schleswig-Holstein comprises most of the historical duchy of Holstein.
Schleswig-Holstein comprises the southern part of the former Duchy of Schleswig.
The capital city of Schleswig-Holstein is Kiel.
Other notable cities in Schleswig-Holstein are Lbeck and Flensburg.
Schleswig-Holstein is also known in more dated English as Sleswick-Holsatia.
The Danish name for Schleswig-Holstein is 'Slesvig-Holsten.'
The Low German name for Schleswig-Holstein is 'Sleswig-Holsteen.'
The North Frisian name for Schleswig-Holstein is 'Slaswik-Holstiinj.'
Historically, the name Schleswig-Holstein can also refer to a larger region.
The larger region contains both present-day Schleswig-Holstein and the former South Jutland County in Denmark.
The term 'Holstein' derives from Old Saxon 'Holseta Land.'
'Holz' and 'Holt' mean wood in modern Standardised German and in literary English, respectively.
The term 'Holstein' originally referred to the central of the three Saxon tribes north of the River Elbe.
The three Saxon tribes are 'Tedmarsgoi' (Dithmarschen), Holstein, and 'Sturmarii' (Stormarn).
The area of the tribe of the Holsts was between the Str River and Hamburg.
After Christianization, the main church of the Holsts was in Schenefeld.
Saxon Holstein became a part of the Holy Roman Empire after Charlemagne's Saxon campaigns in the late eighth century.
Since 811, the northern frontier of Holstein has been marked by the River Eider.
The term 'Schleswig' comes from the city of Schleswig.
The name 'Schleswig' derives from the Schlei inlet in the east.
'Vik' means inlet in Old Norse or settlement in Old Saxon.
'Vik' is linguistically identical (cognate) with the '-wick' or '-wich' element in place-names in Britain.
The snow went on falling.
They could see only a few meters in front of them.
Judy said, 'We should go back.'
Judy was afraid.
Judy asked, 'But where is the path?'
Everything was covered with snow.
The sky was grey.
Paul asked, 'What's the time?'
Judy looked at her watch.
Judy said, 'Nearly 5 o'clock.'
Judy stated, 'It gets dark in an hour.'
Paul said, 'We must start walking, and hope we find the path.'
Paul thought, 'I think the snow's stopping.'
The snow was not stopping.
The wind was strong.
The wind blew around them, cold and wet.
Judy said, 'Just keep going downhill.'
Judy stated, 'We can't go wrong.'
Paul fell on some rocks.
Paul shouted, 'Judy! I've hurt my leg!'
Paul could not stand up.
Paul's leg hurt too much.
Judy said, 'I'll have to phone for help.'
Judy hoped the mobile phone worked up there.
The mobile phone worked.
Judy and Paul phoned the mountain service.
A man on the phone shouted, 'Don't move! Stay where you are, we're sending a team there.'
Judy and Paul were not far from the path.
The team found Judy and Paul easily.
Judy and Paul were lucky.
People often get into trouble when they climb the mountains.
You must always tell someone where you are going.
You must take a mobile phone with you.
The mountain is a dangerous place to be if things go wrong.
There once was a big black and white dog named Forrest.
Forrest's owner's name was Jeff.
Jeff thought Forrest was the best dog in the whole world.
One night, Forrest and Jeff were taking a walk in the park.
Forrest and Jeff saw two men walking down the path.
Both men were dressed in very nice suits.
Jeff waved at the two men.
Jeff said, 'Good evening.'
Jeff asked, 'How are you tonight?'
One of the men said, 'Hello.'
One of the men said, 'It is such a great night for walking.'
Jeff and Forrest kept walking down the path.
It was a very dark night.
The moon was shining bright.
When Jeff turned around to look for the two men, he could not see the two men at all.
The two men were nowhere to be seen.
Later that night, when their walk was over, Jeff and Forrest were lying on the bed.
Jeff and Forrest were watching a television show about ghosts.
Jeff said out loud, 'Do you think maybe those two men were ghosts?'
Jeff said, 'They did not leave a trace.'
Forrest was a dog.
Forrest acted like he understood.
Forrest barked.
Jeff smiled.
Jeff liked that his dog always saw things the same way he did.
A body was discovered at Churchill Downs on Sunday.
The body was discovered a day after the Louisville racetrack hosted the Kentucky Derby.
Police said the body may have been the victim of a homicide.
Workers in the barn area discovered the body early in the morning.
Workers in the barn area notified track security.
Track security called the police.
Robert Biven is a spokesman for the Louisville Metropolitan Police Department.
Robert Biven said they received the call just prior to 5 a.m. to respond to the backside of the racetrack.
Alicia Smiley is a police spokeswoman.
Alicia Smiley said police suspect foul play.
The body has not been identified.
The body appears to be a Latino man in his 30s or 40s, according to Robert Biven.
About 400 people were located Saturday night in the rear of the racetrack, according to Robert Biven.
Robert Biven said they are trying to speak with as many people as possible.
Robert Biven said they have a few leads coming in.
An autopsy is to be carried out on Monday morning.
Robert Biven described the track's backside as 'like a mini city.'
The backside of the track has 48 barns, workers' dormitories, and areas where trainers live.
The backside of the track operates 24 hours a day.
Churchill Downs spokesman John Asher said operations at the racetrack were to continue normally on Sunday.
No races are scheduled at the track for three days.
Cleanup from Saturday's race was to continue.
The racetrack museum was to be open.
The original gold-plated superstar of golf secured his first major title in the majestic surroundings of Muirfield.
The small town of Gullane is located to the east of Edinburgh.
Gullane is set to welcome the modern titans of the game for the 142nd staging of the British Open.
Gullane played host to a true pioneer back in 1896.
Harry Vardon won a total of six British Open titles.
The record of six British Open titles still stands.
Harry Vardon's achievements in the game stretch far beyond his haul of majors.
Harry Vardon's haul of majors was lifted to seven by his 1900 U.S. Open triumph.
Harry Vardon was credited with sparking an explosion of interest in the game during his tours of America at the turn of the 20th Century.
Harry Vardon devised the grip known as 'the overlapping grip' or 'the Vardon overlap.'
Ninety percent of golfers still deploy the grip devised by Harry Vardon.
Australian Peter Thompson speaks of Harry Vardon in glowing terms.
Peter Thompson is just one British Open triumph behind Harry Vardon's half-dozen successes.
Tom Watson is an American legend.
Tom Watson is just one British Open triumph behind Harry Vardon's half-dozen successes.
Peter Thompson stated, 'He was the God of golf.'
Peter Thompson told CNN's Living Golf show that aspiring to such a position was sacrilege.
Peter Thompson felt that aspiring to such a position was way out of his league.
Peter Thompson thought, 'Well, it's possible to equal the great man' when he passed five.
Peter Thompson regrettably did not equal Harry Vardon.
Peter Thompson stated that it must have been inspirational to watch Harry Vardon swing.
Peter Thompson described Harry Vardon as having the power of a winning champion.
Peter Thompson suggested that if someone had won seven or even six Opens, Harry Vardon would not have been regarded as a God.
The Mongol Empire existed during the 13th and 14th centuries.
The Mongol Empire was the largest contiguous land empire in history.
The Mongol Empire originated in the steppes of Central Asia.
The Mongol Empire eventually stretched from Eastern Europe to the Sea of Japan.
The Mongol Empire extended northwards into Siberia.
The Mongol Empire extended eastwards and southwards into the Indian subcontinent.
The Mongol Empire extended into Indochina.
The Mongol Empire extended into the Iranian plateau.
The Mongol Empire extended westwards as far as the Levant.
The Mongol Empire emerged from the unification of nomadic tribes in the Mongol homeland.
Genghis Khan was the leader under whom the unification occurred.
A council proclaimed Genghis Khan ruler of all the Mongols in 1206.
The Mongol Empire grew rapidly under the rule of Genghis Khan.
The Mongol Empire grew rapidly under the rule of the descendants of Genghis Khan.
The descendants of Genghis Khan sent invasions in every direction.
The vast transcontinental empire connected the east with the west.
The Mongol Empire enforced a 'Pax Mongolica'.
The 'Pax Mongolica' allowed the dissemination and exchange of trade, technologies, commodities, and ideologies across Eurasia.
The Mongol Empire began to split due to wars over succession.
The grandchildren of Genghis Khan disputed whether the royal line should follow from his son and initial heir gedei or from one of his other sons.
The other sons of Genghis Khan included Tolui, Chagatai, and Jochi.
The Toluids prevailed after a bloody purge of gedeid and Chagataid factions.
Disputes continued even among the descendants of Tolui.
A key reason for the split was the dispute over whether the Mongol Empire would become a sedentary, cosmopolitan empire.
A key reason for the split was the dispute over whether the Mongol Empire would stay true to their nomadic and steppe lifestyle.
Mngke Khan died in 1259.
After Mngke Khan died, rival kurultai councils simultaneously elected different successors.
The brothers Ariq Bke and Kublai Khan were the different successors elected.
Ariq Bke and Kublai Khan fought each other in the Toluid Civil War from 1260 to 1264.
Ariq Bke and Kublai Khan dealt with challenges from descendants of other sons of Genghis Khan.
Kublai successfully took power.
Civil war ensued as Kublai sought unsuccessfully to regain control of the Chagatayid and gedeid families.
This year marks the 100th anniversary of Leo Tolstoy's death.
Leo Tolstoy is considered by many to be one of the greatest novelists of all time.
Much of the West is marking the anniversary with new translations of Leo Tolstoy's works.
New translations of Leo Tolstoy's works include War and Peace.
Movies are being released to commemorate Leo Tolstoy's anniversary.
The movies include a black-and-white documentary and a feature film.
Everyone is celebrating the 100th anniversary of Leo Tolstoy's death.
People in Tolstoy's home country, Russia, are not celebrating.
The English newspaper the Guardian reports that the Russian government has scheduled nothing for November.
November is the official anniversary of Leo Tolstoy's death.
The quiet in Russia is amazing, considering the importance of Leo Tolstoy's contribution to global culture.
Andrei Deryabin is the co-producer of a new film about Leo Tolstoy's final days.
The new film about Leo Tolstoy's final days is titled The Last Station.
Andrei Deryabin told the Guardian that there is a huge Tolstoy boom across the whole world.
Andrei Deryabin stated that Leo Tolstoy is esteemed everywhere apart from Russia.
Experts explain the Russian government's silence in various ways.
Some experts refer to Leo Tolstoy's disagreement with state-backed religion.
Leo Tolstoy's Christian views often contradict those of the Roman Catholic Church.
Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy is Leo Tolstoy's great grandson.
Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy thinks Russia's cool attitude towards Leo Tolstoy has more to do with history.
Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy believes that Leo Tolstoy's positive worldview is not appreciated in Russia.
The last century was a difficult one for the people of Russia.
Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy states that the darker writings of Fyodor Dostoevsky better fit the national character of Russia.
Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy hopes that as Russians grow more optimistic, they will rediscover Leo Tolstoy.
Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy believes that Leo Tolstoy gives positive answers to the questions mankind is asking.
Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy told the Guardian that Leo Tolstoy gives more hope.
Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy hopes that the 21st century is Tolstoyan.
My mother said, 'Everything happens for the best,' whenever my mother saw that I was disappointed.
My mother believed that if I went on, one day something good would happen.
I graduated from college.
I decided to try for a job in a radio station.
I decided to work hard to become a sports announcer.
I took a taxi to Chicago.
I knocked on the door of every radio station in Chicago.
I was turned down every time because I didn't have any working experience.
I went back home after being turned down.
My father said that Montgomery Ward wanted a sportsman to help them.
I applied for the job at Montgomery Ward.
I didn't get the job at Montgomery Ward, either.
I was very disappointed after not getting the job.
My mother reminded me, 'Everything happens for the best.'
My father let me drive his car to look for jobs.
I tried WOC Radio in Davenport, Iowa.
Peter MacArthur was the program director at WOC Radio.
Peter MacArthur told me that they had already had an announcer.
Peter MacArthur's words made me disappointed again.
After leaving Peter MacArthur's office, I was waiting for the elevator.
I heard Peter MacArthur calling after me.
Peter MacArthur asked me, 'What did you say about sports? Do you know anything about football?'
Peter MacArthur asked me to broadcast an imaginary game.
I broadcasted an imaginary game.
Peter MacArthur told me that I would be broadcasting Saturday's game.
On my way home, I thought of my mother's words again.
My mother's words were, 'If you go on, one day something good will happen.'
Fern Mullins rushed into the house on a Saturday morning early in September.
Fern Mullins shrieked at Carol.
Fern Mullins said, 'School starts next Tuesday.'
Fern Mullins expressed a desire to have one more spree before being arrested.
Fern Mullins suggested getting up a picnic down the lake for that afternoon.
Fern Mullins invited Mrs. Kennicott and the doctor to the picnic.
Cy Bogart wants to go to the picnic.
Fern Mullins described Cy Bogart as a brat but lively.
Carol responded that she does not think the doctor can go.
Carol stated that the doctor said something about having to make a country call that afternoon.
Carol expressed that she would love to go to the picnic.
Fern Mullins considered who else could join the picnic.
Fern Mullins suggested that Mrs. Dyer might be a chaperon.
Fern Mullins noted that Mrs. Dyer has been very nice.
Fern Mullins mentioned that maybe Dave could get away from the store.
Fern Mullins asked about Erik Valborg.
Fern Mullins expressed that she thinks Erik Valborg has lots more style than the town boys.
Fern Mullins asked Carol if she likes Erik Valborg.
The picnic included Carol, Fern, Erik, Cy Bogart, and the Dyers.
The picnic was described as not only moral but inevitable.
They drove to the birch grove on the south shore of Lake Minniemashie.
Dave Dyer was his most clownish self during the picnic.
Dave Dyer yelped and jigged.
Dave Dyer wore Carol's hat.
Dave Dyer dropped an ant down Fern's back.
The women changed modestly in the car with the side curtains up.
The men undressed behind the bushes.
The men repeatedly said, 'Gee, hope we don't run into poison ivy.'
Dave Dyer splashed water on the others while swimming.
Dave Dyer dived to clutch his wife's ankle.
Dave Dyer infected the others with his antics.
Erik gave an imitation of the Greek dancers he had seen in vaudeville.
They sat down to a picnic supper spread on a lap-robe on the grass.
Cy climbed a tree to throw acorns at the others.
A police force is a constituted body of persons empowered by the state to enforce the law.
A police force is empowered by the state to protect property.
A police force is empowered by the state to limit civil disorder.
The powers of a police force include the legitimized use of force.
The term 'police force' is most commonly associated with police services of a sovereign state.
Police services of a sovereign state are authorized to exercise the police power of that state.
Police services of a sovereign state operate within a defined legal or territorial area of responsibility.
Police forces are often defined as being separate from military organizations.
Police forces are often defined as being separate from other organizations involved in the defense of the state against foreign aggressors.
Gendarmerie are military units charged with civil policing.
Law enforcement constitutes only part of policing activity.
Policing includes an array of activities in different situations.
The predominant activities of policing are concerned with the preservation of order.
In some societies, in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, policing developed within the context of maintaining the class system.
In some societies, in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, policing developed within the context of the protection of private property.
Many police forces suffer from police corruption to a greater or lesser degree.
The police force is usually a public sector service.
The police force is paid through taxes.
Ten days later, Harper arrived at Sixty Mile.
Joe Ladue arrived at Sixty Mile.
Daylight was still a trifle weak.
Daylight was strong enough to obey the hunch that had come to him.
Daylight traded a third interest in his Stewart town site for a third interest in Harper and Joe Ladue's town site on the Klondike.
Harper and Joe Ladue had faith in the Upper Country.
Harper left down-stream with a raft-load of supplies.
Harper intended to start a small post at the mouth of the Klondike.
Harper advised Daylight to tackle Indian River at parting.
Harper believed there were whole slathers of creeks and draws draining into Indian River.
Harper believed gold was just crying to be found in Indian River.
Harper had a hunch that a big strike was coming.
Harper believed Indian River was not going to be a million miles away from the big strike.
Joe Ladue added that the place was swarming with moose.
Joe Ladue mentioned that Bob Henderson was up there somewhere.
Bob Henderson had been in the area for three years.
Bob Henderson was swearing something big was going to happen.
Bob Henderson was living off straight moose.
Bob Henderson was prospecting around like a crazy man.
Daylight decided to go to Indian River, which he expressed as a flutter.
Elijah could not be persuaded into accompanying Daylight.
Elijah's soul had been seared by famine.
Elijah was obsessed by fear of repeating the experience of famine.
Elijah explained that he could not bear to separate from food.
Elijah acknowledged that his fear was downright foolishness.
Elijah could hardly tear himself away from the table when he knew he was full.
Elijah did not have storage for another bite.
Elijah intended to go back to Circle to camp by a cache until he got cured.
If a person lives in the United States, that person can't have a full-time job until that person is 16 years old.
At 14 or 15 years old, a person can work part-time after school or on weekends.
During summer vacation, a person can work 40 hours each week.
Being younger than 14 years old does not mean that a person can't make their own money.
Kids from 10 to 13 years of age can make money by doing lots of things.
Valerie is 11 years old.
Valerie made money by cleaning up other people's yards.
Lena is 13 years old.
Lena makes money by knitting dog sweaters and selling them to her neighbors.
Reisa has started taking art classes.
Reisa shows her works to people.
People ask Reisa to draw pictures for them.
People pay Reisa for the pictures she draws.
Jasmine is 13 years old.
Jasmine writes articles for different magazines.
Kids can learn lots of things from making money.
By working to make their own money, kids are learning the skills they will need in life.
The skills that kids can learn from making money can include how to get along with others.
The skills that kids can learn from making money can include how to use technology.
The skills that kids can learn from making money can include how to use their time wisely.
Some people think that asking for money is a lot easier than making money.
If a person can make their own money, that person doesn't have to depend on anyone else.
The five dollars that a person makes will probably make that person feel a lot better than the twenty dollars that a person asks for.
Dennis Rodman says he is not a diplomat.
Dennis Rodman is a former NBA star.
Dennis Rodman is fighting addiction.
Dennis Rodman is trying to be a better father.
Dennis Rodman has become embroiled in U.S.-North Korea relations.
Dennis Rodman has become embroiled in U.S.-North Korea relations unintentionally.
Dennis Rodman's apparent chumminess with North Korea's leader has been controversial.
Dennis Rodman has made previous proclamations that Kim Jong Un is a 'nice guy.'
Dennis Rodman said he does not know enough about the allegations of abuse and authoritarianism that Kim Jong Un is reviled for.
Dennis Rodman keeps telling people that he is not there to be an ambassador.
Dennis Rodman is not there to figure out why Kim Jong Un is doing all these things.
Dennis Rodman stated that figuring out why Kim Jong Un is doing all these things is not his job.
Dennis Rodman gave his first interview since entering an alcohol rehabilitation facility two weeks ago.
Dennis Rodman is probably the American with the most access to the North Korean leader.
Many people have been critical of Dennis Rodman for not lobbying for the release of American prisoner Kenneth Bae from a labor camp.
Dennis Rodman says he is not an ambassador.
Dennis Rodman tried to strive and tell people that knowing Kim Jong Un does not mean he knows Kim Jong Un well.
Dennis Rodman says he did not mean to insinuate during an earlier interview that he knew why Kenneth Bae was being held in North Korea.
Dennis Rodman still does not know what Kenneth Bae did.
Dennis Rodman offered to take Kenneth Bae's place if he could.
Dennis Rodman feels for Kenneth Bae's family.
Dennis Rodman feels for Kenneth Bae's family deeply.
Dennis Rodman stated that he would do anything literally for Kenneth Bae's family.
Dennis Rodman said that if North Korea said they would take him and let Kenneth Bae go, he would agree to that.
Dennis Rodman said, 'Take me.'
Many people use elevators several times a day without really noticing.
The way people behave in elevators reveals a hidden anxiety.
Passengers seem to know instinctively how to arrange themselves in an elevator.
The arrangement of passengers in an elevator is similar to the dots on a die.
With each additional passenger, the bodies shift, going into the open spaces.
When a person is alone in an elevator, that person can do whatever that person wants.
When there are two people in an elevator, those two people take different corners, creating the greatest distance.
When a third person enters an elevator, the three people will unconsciously form a triangle.
When there are four people in an elevator, there will be one person in every corner.
When a fifth person enters an elevator, that fifth person is probably going to have to stand in the middle.
There is a question about why people are so awkward in elevators.
Professor Babette Renneberg is a clinical psychologist at the Free University of Berlin.
Professor Babette Renneberg states that people do not have enough space in elevators.
Professor Babette Renneberg explains that usually when people meet other people, there is about an arm's length of distance between them.
Professor Babette Renneberg notes that this distance is not possible in most elevators.
Professor Babette Renneberg describes elevators as a very unusual setting.
Professor Babette Renneberg describes elevators as unnatural.
Nick White is an office worker in New York.
Nick White was unfortunate enough to be trapped in an elevator for 41 hours.
Nick White states that people do not like to be locked into a place.
Nick White expresses a desire to get out of the elevator as soon as possible.
Nick White describes elevators as a frightening place to be.
During his experience of being trapped, Nick White began to think of another enclosed space, which is a tomb.
Dr. Lee Gray agrees that a sense of disempowerment is the main cause of anxiety in elevators.
Dr. Lee Gray explains that people are in a machine that is moving, over which they have no control.
Dr. Lee Gray states that people cannot see the elevator engine.
Dr. Lee Gray notes that people do not know how the elevator is working.
The puppy is a boy puppy.
The name of the puppy is Snow.
Snow is white like snow.
Snow has a dog house.
The dog house is blue.
Snow likes his dog house.
Snow sleeps in his dog house at night.
If Snow is hungry, the owner feeds Snow puppy food.
The owner also gives Snow water.
Snow is a good puppy.
Snow does what the owner tells him to do.
Snow likes to play with the cat.
The name of the cat is Oscar.
Snow and Oscar share toys.
Snow and Oscar watch the goldfish.
The name of the goldfish is Felix.
Felix swims round and round in his bowl.
The neighbor is Tommy.
Tommy lives next door.
Tommy has a fish.
The name of Tommy's fish is Rocket.
Rocket swims very, very fast.
Rocket is black.
Tommy likes to climb in trees.
Tommy also likes to play tag.
The owner teaches Snow tricks.
Snow loves to learn to do tricks.
When Snow does tricks well, the owner gives Snow a prize.
Snow loves to get a prize.
The prize is a tasty puppy treat.
When the owner comes home from school, Snow meets the owner at the door.
Snow is so happy to see the owner.
The owner is happy to see Snow, too.
After the owner finishes homework, the owner and Snow play ball outside.
Snow loves to run after the red ball.
Snow brings the red ball back to the owner each time the owner throws it.
The owner loves to play ball with Snow.
Playing ball with Snow is so much fun.
The owner loves Snow.
Snow loves the owner.
The owner and Snow are best friends.
Less than half an hour later, Marguerite sat inside her coach.
The coach was bearing Marguerite swiftly to London.
Marguerite had taken an affectionate farewell of little Suzanne.
Marguerite had seen little Suzanne safely started with her maid.
Little Suzanne was in her own coach, back to town.
Marguerite had sent one courier with a respectful letter of excuse to His Royal Highness.
Marguerite begged for a postponement of the august visit on account of pressing and urgent business.
Marguerite had sent another courier on ahead to bespeak a fresh relay of horses at Faversham.
Marguerite had changed her muslin frock for a dark traveling costume and mantle.
Marguerite had provided herself with money.
Marguerite's husband was lavish, which always placed money fully at her disposal.
Marguerite had started on her way.
Marguerite did not attempt to delude herself with any vain and futile hopes.
The safety of Marguerite's brother Armand was to have been conditional on the imminent capture of the Scarlet Pimpernel.
Chauvelin had sent Marguerite back Armand's compromising letter.
There was no doubt that Chauvelin was quite satisfied in his own mind that Percy Blakeney was the man whose death he had sworn to bring about.
There was no room for any fond delusions for Marguerite.
Percy Blakeney was the husband whom Marguerite loved with all the ardour which her admiration for his bravery had kindled.
Percy Blakeney was in immediate, deadly peril through Marguerite's hand.
Marguerite had betrayed Percy Blakeney to his enemy unwittingly.
Marguerite had betrayed Percy Blakeney.
If Chauvelin succeeded in trapping Percy Blakeney, then his death would be at Marguerite's door.
Marguerite would have defended Percy Blakeney with her very heart's blood.
Marguerite would have given willingly her life for Percy Blakeney.
Dan was his own man again in the morning.
Dan was rather pale and weak in the morning.
Dan wanted to get up in the morning.
Cecily ordered Dan to stay in bed.
Felicity forgot to repeat the command to Dan.
Dan did stay in bed.
Cecily carried meals to Dan.
Cecily read a Henty book to Dan during all her spare time.
The Story Girl went up and told Dan wondrous tales.
Sara Ray brought Dan a pudding she had made herself.
Sara Ray's intentions were good.
Dan fed most of the pudding to Paddy.
Paddy had curled himself up at the foot of Dan's bed.
Paddy gave the world assurance of a cat by his mellifluous purring.
Dan expressed that Paddy is a great old fellow.
Dan stated that Paddy knows he is kind of sick.
Dan noted that Paddy never pays attention to him when he is well.
Felix, Peter, and I were required to help Uncle Roger in some carpentering work that day.
Felicity indulged in one of the house-cleaning orgies that were dear to her soul.
It was evening before we were all free to meet in the orchard.
We loll on the grasses of Uncle Stephen's Walk in the orchard.
In August, Uncle Stephen's Walk was a place of shady sweetness.
Uncle Stephen's Walk was fragrant with the odour of ripening apples.
Uncle Stephen's Walk was full of dear, delicate shadows.
Through the openings of Uncle Stephen's Walk, we looked afar to the blue rims of the hills.
We looked over green, old, tranquil fields lying in the sunset glow.
Overhead, the lacing leaves made a green, murmurous roof.
There was no such thing as hurry in the world while we lingered in the orchard.
We talked of 'cabbages and kings' in the orchard.
A tale of the Story Girl's had princes thicker than blackberries.
A tale of the Story Girl's had queens as common as buttercups.
Our discussion of kings was led by the Story Girl's tale.
We wondered what it would be like to be a king.
Peter thought it would be fine to be a king.
Peter thought it would be kind of inconvenient to wear a crown all the time.
Leo is a person.
There is a great artist in Leo's family.
The great artist in Leo's family is Lisa.
Lisa likes drawing a lot.
There are three drawings created by Lisa.
There is an animal in the first drawing.
The animal in the first drawing has two big eyes.
The animal in the first drawing has a big mouth.
The animal in the first drawing has two small ears.
The animal in the first drawing has long arms.
The animal in the first drawing has long legs.
The animal in the first drawing is black and white.
The animal in the first drawing has some apples in its hands.
The animal in the first drawing looks very happy.
Leo does not know what the animal in the first drawing is.
Lisa says the animal in the first drawing is a panda.
There is a woman in the second drawing.
The woman in the second drawing is thin.
The woman in the second drawing has straight blonde hair.
The woman in the second drawing has a small mouth.
The woman in the second drawing has a big nose.
The woman in the second drawing has two big eyes.
The woman in the second drawing looks angry.
Leo does not know who the woman in the second drawing is.
Lisa says the woman in the second drawing is their mom.
Mom has curly blonde hair.
Mom has small eyes.
Mom has a small nose.
There is an animal in the third drawing.
The head of the animal in the third drawing is an apple.
The hair and tail of the animal in the third drawing are leaves.
The animal in the third drawing has a long mouth.
The animal in the third drawing is a banana.
The two legs of the animal in the third drawing are carrots.
Leo does not know what the animal in the third drawing is.
Lisa says the animal in the third drawing is a horse.
The animal in the third drawing does not look like a horse.
Lisa is really a great artist.
A body was discovered at Churchill Downs on Sunday.
The body was discovered a day after the Louisville racetrack hosted the Kentucky Derby.
Police said the body may have been the victim of a homicide.
Workers in the barn area discovered the body early in the morning.
Workers in the barn area notified track security.
Track security called the police.
Robert Biven is a spokesman for the Louisville Metropolitan Police Department.
Robert Biven said they received the call just prior to 5 a.m. to respond to the backside of the racetrack.
Alicia Smiley is a police spokeswoman.
Alicia Smiley said police suspect foul play.
The body has not been identified.
The body appears to be a Latino man in his 30s or 40s.
About 400 people were located Saturday night in the rear of the racetrack.
Robert Biven said they are trying to speak with as many people as possible.
Robert Biven said they do have a few leads coming in.
An autopsy is to be carried out on Monday morning.
Robert Biven described the track's backside as 'like a mini city.'
The backside of the racetrack has 48 barns.
The backside of the racetrack has workers' dormitories.
The backside of the racetrack has areas where trainers live.
The racetrack operates 24 hours a day.
Churchill Downs spokesman John Asher said operations at the racetrack were to continue normally on Sunday.
No races are scheduled at the track for three days.
Cleanup from Saturday's race was to continue.
The racetrack museum was to be open.
The National Assembly for Wales is commonly known as the Welsh Assembly.
The National Assembly for Wales is a devolved assembly.
The National Assembly for Wales has the power to make legislation in Wales.
The Assembly comprises 60 members.
The members of the Assembly are known as Assembly Members or AMs.
The Welsh term for Assembly Members is 'Aelodau y Cynulliad'.
Since 2011, Members are elected for five-year terms.
Members are elected under an additional members system.
In the additional members system, 40 AMs represent geographical constituencies elected by the plurality system.
In the additional members system, 20 AMs represent five electoral regions using the d'Hondt method of proportional representation.
The Assembly was created by the Government of Wales Act 1998.
The Government of Wales Act 1998 followed a referendum in 1997.
The Assembly had no powers to initiate primary legislation until limited law-making powers were gained through the Government of Wales Act 2006.
The primary law-making powers of the Assembly were enhanced following a Yes vote in the referendum on 3 March 2011.
The enhancement of primary law-making powers made it possible for the Assembly to legislate without having to consult the UK parliament or the Secretary of State for Wales in the 20 areas that are devolved.
An appointed Council for Wales and Monmouthshire was established in 1949.
The purpose of the Council for Wales and Monmouthshire was to ensure the government is adequately informed of the impact of government activities on the general life of the people of Wales.
The Council for Wales and Monmouthshire had 27 members.
The 27 members of the Council for Wales and Monmouthshire were nominated by local authorities in Wales, the University of Wales, National Eisteddfod Council, and the Welsh Tourist Board.
A post of Minister of Welsh Affairs was created in 1951.
The post of Secretary of State for Wales was established in 1964.
The Welsh Office was established in 1964.
The establishment of the Welsh Office led to the abolition of the Council for Wales.
The establishment of the Welsh Office effectively created the basis for the territorial governance of Wales.
The Royal Commission on the Constitution was set up in 1969 by Harold Wilson's Labour Government.
The purpose of the Royal Commission on the Constitution was to investigate the possibility of devolution for Scotland and Wales.
The recommendations of the Royal Commission on the Constitution formed the basis of the 1974 White Paper 'Democracy and Devolution: proposals for Scotland and Wales'.
The 1974 White Paper proposed the creation of a Welsh Assembly.
Voters rejected the proposals in a referendum held in 1979 by a majority of four to one.
The moon is becoming rounder and brighter day after day.
Sept 8 is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
For Chinese people, a full moon means that family members can get together on that day.
On the Mid-Autumn Festival, people get together and enjoy the round moon.
People send wishes for family members not with them on the Mid-Autumn Festival.
There are many stories about the moon to make the tradition more interesting.
In China, Chang'e flying to the moon is a well-known legend.
Hou Yi and Chang'e were husband and wife in old times.
At the time, there were 10 suns in the sky.
Hou Yi was a brave man.
Hou Yi shot down nine suns.
People see Hou Yi as a great hero.
Many other countries have beautiful stories about the moon.
In Greek legend, Artemis is the goddess of the moon.
Artemis takes care of the hunt and wild animals.
Artemis looks after young children and women in childbirth.
In India, the god of the moon is Soma.
Soma has four hands.
Soma rides through the sky in a chariot.
If a baby is born on a full moon day, Indian people believe he or she is lucky.
The Kingdom of Yugoslavia was a state in Southeast Europe and Central Europe.
The Kingdom of Yugoslavia existed during the interwar period from 1918 to 1939.
The Kingdom of Yugoslavia existed during the first half of World War II from 1939 to 1943.
The Kingdom of Yugoslavia was formed in 1918 by the merger of the provisional State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs.
The provisional State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs was formed from territories of the former Austro-Hungarian Empire.
The Kingdom of Yugoslavia was formed by the merger with the formerly independent Kingdom of Serbia.
The Kingdom of Montenegro had united with Serbia five days prior to the formation of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
The regions of Kosovo, Vojvodina, and Vardar Macedonia were parts of Serbia prior to the unification.
For its first eleven years of existence, the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was officially called the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.
The term 'Yugoslavia' was the colloquial name of the Kingdom from its origins.
The official name of the state was changed to 'Kingdom of Yugoslavia' by King Alexander I on 3 October 1929.
The state was ruled by the Serbian dynasty of Karaorevi.
The Serbian dynasty of Karaorevi previously ruled the Kingdom of Serbia under Peter I from 1903 onwards.
Peter I became the first king of Yugoslavia until his death in 1921.
Peter I was succeeded by his son Alexander I.
Alexander I had been regent for his father, Peter I.
Alexander I was known as 'Alexander the Unifier'.
Alexander I renamed the kingdom 'Yugoslavia' in 1929.
Alexander I was assassinated in Marseille by Vlado Chernozemski.
Vlado Chernozemski was a member of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO).
Alexander I was assassinated during his visit to France in 1934.
The crown passed to Alexander I's then-still under-aged son Peter.
Peter's cousin Paul ruled as Prince regent until 1941.
Peter II would come of age in 1941.
The royal family flew to London in 1941 prior to the country being invaded by the Axis powers.
The date is 1st November 1917.
Ingleside is the location.
It is November.
The Glen is all grey and brown.
The Lombardy poplars stand up here and there like great golden torches in the sombre landscape.
Every other tree has shed its leaves.
It has been very hard to keep courage alight of late.
The Caporetto disaster is a dreadful thing.
Susan cannot extract much consolation out of the present state of affairs.
The rest of us do not try to extract consolation.
Gertrude keeps saying desperately, 'They must not get Venice--they must not get Venice.'
Gertrude's repetition of the phrase is an attempt to prevent them from getting Venice.
The narrator cannot see what is to prevent them from getting Venice.
Susan points out that there was seemingly nothing to prevent them from getting to Paris in 1914.
They did not get to Paris in 1914.
Susan affirms that they shall not get Venice either.
The narrator hopes and prays that they will not get Venice.
Venice is described as the beautiful Queen of the Adriatic.
The narrator has never seen Venice.
The narrator feels about Venice just as Byron did.
The narrator has always loved Venice.
Venice has always been to the narrator 'a fairy city of the heart.'
The narrator may have caught the love of Venice from Walter.
Walter worshipped Venice.
It was always one of Walter's dreams to see Venice.
The narrator remembers planning with Walter to go together to see Venice.
The planning took place down in Rainbow Valley one evening just before the war broke out.
The narrator and Walter planned to float in a gondola through Venice's moonlit streets.
Serge went to Moscow.
Serge entered the Teknik.
Serge became a student.
Serge learned geography from Stoj.
Stoj was the professor.
Serge learned astrography from Fudj.
Fudj was the assistant.
Serge learned giliodesy.
Serge learned orgastrophy.
Serge learned other native Russian studies.
Serge worked all day.
Serge's industry was unflagging.
Serge's instructors were enthusiastic.
The instructors said, 'If Serge goes on like this, he will some day know something.'
One instructor said, 'It is marvellous. If Serge continues thus, he will be a professor.'
Stoj said, 'He is too young.'
Stoj shook his head.
Stoj said, 'He has too much hair.'
Fudj said, 'He sees too well.'
Fudj said, 'Let him wait till his eyes are weaker.'
Serge thought all day as he worked.
Serge's thoughts were of Olga Ileyitch.
Olga Ileyitch was the girl that Serge had seen with Kwartz.
Kwartz was the inspector of police.
Serge wondered why Olga Ileyitch had killed Popoff.
Popoff was the inspector.
Serge wondered if Olga Ileyitch was dead.
Serge thought there seemed no justice in it.
One day, Serge questioned his professor.
Serge asked, 'Is the law just?'
Serge asked, 'Is it right to kill?'
Stoj shook his head.
Stoj would not answer.
Stoj said, 'Let us go on with our orgastrophy.'
Stoj trembled so that the chalk shook in his hand.
Serge questioned no further.
Serge thought more deeply still.
Serge was thinking all the way from the Teknik to the house where he lodged.
Serge was still thinking as he climbed the stair to his attic room.
The house in which Serge lived was the house of Madame Vasselitch.
Madame Vasselitch's house was a tall dark house in a sombre street.
There were no trees upon the street.
There were no children playing on the street.
Opposite to Madame Vasselitch's house was a building of stone.
The building of stone had windows barred.
The building of stone was always silent.
There were no lights in the building of stone.
No one went in or out of the building of stone.
Lupita Nyong'o is a Kenyan actress.
Lupita Nyong'o has become a new critics' darling after her breakout role in the hit movie '12 Years A Slave.'
The movie '12 Years A Slave' was released last year.
The award ceremonies and opportunities to dazzle photographers have been plentiful for Lupita Nyong'o.
Lupita Nyong'o's mesmerizing performance as Patsey earned her numerous accolades and recognition.
Lupita Nyong'o received an Oscar nomination for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.
The attention Lupita Nyong'o is receiving is new to her.
Lupita Nyong'o was born in Mexico to Kenyan parents.
Lupita Nyong'o seems to enjoy the hype around her.
There is much more to Lupita Nyong'o's story than how she captivates the cameras on the red carpet.
Stephanie Elam is a journalist for CNN.
Stephanie Elam caught up with Lupita Nyong'o to speak about her journey from Kenya to Hollywood.
An edited version of the interview with Lupita Nyong'o follows.
Lupita Nyong'o's father is a politician.
Lupita Nyong'o's father was also a professor of political science.
Lupita Nyong'o's father was organizing for democracy in Kenya.
Kenya was under an autocratic regime at the time.
Lupita Nyong'o's father went into political exile in Mexico after a series of unfortunate events.
One of the unfortunate events was the disappearance of Lupita Nyong'o's father's brother.
Lupita Nyong'o was born in her father's last year in Mexico.
Lupita Nyong'o was born in Mexico but grew up in Kenya.
Lupita Nyong'o's conscious memories are in Kenya until she was 16.
Lupita Nyong'o's parents sent her back to Mexico to learn Spanish when she was 16.
Lupita Nyong'o grew up in Nairobi.
Nairobi is the capital of Kenya.
Nairobi is characterized by hustle and bustle and there is always something going on.
Lupita Nyong'o comes from a very big family.
Lupita Nyong'o's family is very close knit.
Lupita Nyong'o had lots of time with her family.
The main passenger airport serving the metropolis and the state is Melbourne Airport.
Melbourne Airport is also called Tullamarine Airport.
Melbourne Airport is the second busiest airport in Australia.
The Port of Melbourne is Australia's busiest seaport for containerised and general cargo.
Melbourne has an extensive transport network.
The main metropolitan train terminus is Flinders Street Station.
The main regional train and coach terminus is Southern Cross Station.
Melbourne is home to Australia's most extensive freeway network.
Melbourne has the world's largest urban tram network.
Between 1836 and 1842, Victorian Aboriginal groups were largely dispossessed of their land.
By January 1844, there were said to be 675 Aborigines resident in squalid camps in Melbourne.
The British Colonial Office appointed five Aboriginal Protectors for the Aborigines of Victoria in 1839.
The work of the five Aboriginal Protectors was nullified by a land policy that favoured squatters to take possession of Aboriginal lands.
By 1845, fewer than 240 wealthy Europeans held all the pastoral licences then issued in Victoria.
Fewer than 240 wealthy Europeans became a powerful political and economic force in Victoria for generations to come.
A Florida corrections officer assisting in a manhunt died on Wednesday in an exchange of gunfire with a murder suspect.
The murder suspect also died during the exchange of gunfire.
Authorities provided this information.
Col. Greg Malloy was 44 years old.
Col. Greg Malloy was mortally wounded.
The Florida Department of Corrections made a statement regarding Col. Greg Malloy's death.
Col. Greg Malloy was working as part of the Holmes Correctional Institution's K-9 tracking team.
The K-9 tracking team was assisting the Holmes County Sheriff's Office in the search for Wade Williams.
Wade Williams was wanted in the double homicide of his parents.
Wade Williams was also killed during the exchange of gunfire.
The incident occurred about 13 miles from Bonifay in the Florida Panhandle.
Department of Corrections Secretary Walt McNeil stated that words can never express emotions when an officer falls in the line of duty.
Walt McNeil emphasized that tragedies such as this underscore the dangers inherent in the corrections profession.
Walt McNeil extended condolences to Col. Greg Malloy's family and his co-workers.
Col. Greg Malloy began his career with the Department of Corrections in 1988.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is conducting the investigation into the shooting.
The Holmes County sheriff had not yet responded to a message left by CNN on Wednesday afternoon.
Aragon is an autonomous community in Spain.
Aragon is coextensive with the medieval Kingdom of Aragon.
Aragon is located in northeastern Spain.
The Aragonese autonomous community comprises three provinces: Huesca, Zaragoza, and Teruel.
The provinces of Aragon are listed from north to south.
The capital of Aragon is Zaragoza.
Zaragoza is also called 'Saragossa' in English.
The current Statute of Autonomy declares Aragon a 'nationality' of Spain.
The northern province of Huesca borders France.
Huesca is positioned in the middle of the Pyrenees.
Within Spain, Aragon is flanked by Catalonia to the east.
Within Spain, Aragon is flanked by Valencian Community and CastillaLa Mancha to the south.
Within Spain, Aragon is flanked by Castile and Len, La Rioja, and Navarre to the west.
The region of Aragon covers a diverse area.
The terrain of Aragon ranges from permanent glaciers to verdant valleys.
The terrain of Aragon includes rich pasture lands and orchards.
The terrain of Aragon includes arid steppe plains of the central lowlands.
Aragon is home to many rivers.
The river Ebro is the largest river in Spain by volume.
The river Ebro runs west-east across the entire region of Aragon.
The river Ebro runs through the province of Zaragoza.
Aragon is home to Aneto.
Aneto is the highest mountain in the Pyrenees.
As of the latest data, the population of Aragon was 1,317,847.
Slightly more than half of the population of Aragon lives in Zaragoza.
The economy of Aragon generates a GDP of 33,162 million.
The GDP of Aragon represents 3.13% of Spain's national GDP.
Aragon is currently 6th in per capita production behind Madrid, Basque Country, Navarre, Catalonia, and La Rioja.
It was a cold winter day.
A woman drove up to the Rainbow Bridge tollbooth.
The woman said, 'I'm paying for myself, and for the six cars behind me,' with a smile.
The woman handed over seven tickets.
The next six drivers arriving at the tollbooth were informed, 'Some lady up ahead already paid your fare.'
The woman was Natalie Smith.
Natalie Smith had read something on a friend's refrigerator.
The phrase on the friend's refrigerator was 'Practice random kindness and senseless acts of beauty.'
The phrase impressed Natalie Smith so much that she copied it down.
Judy Foreman spotted the same phrase on a warehouse wall far away from home.
The phrase stayed on Judy Foreman's mind for days.
Judy Foreman gave up and drove all the way back to copy the phrase down.
Judy Foreman thought the phrase was beautiful.
Judy Foreman explained why she had taken to writing the phrase at the bottom of all her letters.
Judy Foreman described the phrase as 'like a message from above.'
Frank was Judy Foreman's husband.
Frank liked the phrase so much that he put it up on the classroom wall for his students.
One of Frank's students was the daughter of Alice Johnson.
Alice Johnson was a local news reporter.
Alice Johnson put the phrase in the newspaper.
Alice Johnson admitted that though she liked the phrase, she didn't know where it came from or what it really meant.
Two days later, Alice Johnson got a call from Anne Herbert.
Anne Herbert was a woman living in Marin.
Anne Herbert wrote the phrase down on a piece of paper in a restaurant.
Anne Herbert had turned the phrase around in her mind for days.
Anne Herbert said, 'Here's the idea.'
Anne Herbert suggested that anything you think there should be more of, do it randomly.
Anne Herbert's fantasies include painting the classrooms of shabby schools.
Anne Herbert's fantasies include leaving hot meals on kitchen tables in the poor part of town.
Anne Herbert's fantasies include giving money secretly to a proud old lady.
Anne Herbert made a statement that was not included in the text.
The acts of random kindness spread.
If a driver found their fare paid, that driver might have been inspired to do something for someone else later.
Kindness begins slowly, with every single act.
The reader is encouraged to let kindness be theirs.
Mao Zedong was also known as Mao Tse-tung.
Mao Zedong was born on December 26, 1893.
Mao Zedong died on September 9, 1976.
Mao Zedong was also known as Chairman Mao.
Mao Zedong was a Chinese communist revolutionary.
Mao Zedong was a poet.
Mao Zedong was a political theorist.
Mao Zedong was a founding father of the People's Republic of China.
Mao Zedong governed the People's Republic of China as the Chairman of the Communist Party of China from its establishment in 1949 until his death in 1976.
Mao Zedong's MarxistLeninist theories, military strategies, and political policies are collectively known as Maoism.
Mao Zedong's MarxistLeninist theories, military strategies, and political policies are also known as MarxismLeninismMaoism.
Mao Zedong was born the son of a wealthy farmer in Shaoshan, Hunan.
Mao Zedong adopted a Chinese nationalist and anti-imperialist outlook in early life.
Mao Zedong was particularly influenced by the events of the Xinhai Revolution of 1911.
Mao Zedong was particularly influenced by the events of the May Fourth Movement of 1919.
Mao Zedong adopted MarxismLeninism while working at Peking University.
Mao Zedong became a founding member of the Communist Party of China.
Mao Zedong led the Autumn Harvest Uprising in 1927.
During the Chinese Civil War, Mao Zedong helped to found the Chinese Workers' and Peasants' Red Army.
Mao Zedong led the Jiangxi Soviet's radical land policies.
Mao Zedong ultimately became head of the Communist Party of China during the Long March.
The Communist Party of China temporarily allied with the Kuomintang under the United Front during the Second Sino-Japanese War.
The Second Sino-Japanese War occurred between 1937 and 1945.
After Japan's defeat, China's civil war resumed.
In 1949, Mao Zedong's forces defeated the Nationalists.
The Nationalists withdrew to Taiwan.
The Supreme Court has agreed to take on the case of Fisher v. University of Texas.
Abigail Fisher is a white woman.
Abigail Fisher argues that she has been a victim of the University of Texas's race-conscious admission policies.
The University of Texas contends that its drive for racial and ethnic diversity is educationally enriching.
The University of Texas believes that racial and ethnic diversity is a benefit to all students.
The ugly discourse that generally characterizes debate over racially preferential policies is unlikely to disappear.
The issue of racially preferential policies is a cat with many more than nine lives.
The issue of racially preferential policies arrived in the early 1970s.
The issue of racially preferential policies has survived despite many attacks.
Some attacks on the issue of racially preferential policies have taken the form of amendments to state constitutions.
The Supreme Court will have only eight justices to hear the arguments.
Elena Kagan has bowed out of participation in the case.
Elena Kagan was involved in the case as solicitor general in the Obama administration.
Elena Kagan's absence leaves five justices likely to express skepticism about the racial preferences given to non-Asian minorities in the admissions process.
The University of Texas may have been enriched by academic diversity.
It is equally likely that racial double standards reinforce stereotypes about smart whites and even smarter Asians.
There are wide gaps in the average SAT scores between blacks and Hispanics, on the one hand, and whites and Asians, on the other hand.
Among freshmen entering the University of Texas in 2009 who did not fall into the top 10% of their high school class, Asians scored at the 93rd percentile of 2009 SAT takers nationwide.
Among freshmen entering the University of Texas in 2009 who did not fall into the top 10% of their high school class, whites scored at the 89th percentile.
Among freshmen entering the University of Texas in 2009 who did not fall into the top 10% of their high school class, Hispanics scored at the 80th percentile.
Among freshmen entering the University of Texas in 2009 who did not fall into the top 10% of their high school class, blacks scored at the 52nd percentile.
The differences in SAT scores among racial groups are not startling.
The differences in SAT scores among racial groups have been well known for a long time.
The differences in SAT scores among racial groups are heartbreaking.
The numbers mean that underperforming minority students are being woefully ill served by the K-12 school system.
Arriving at institutions of higher education with an academic disadvantage means that underperforming minority students do not catch up.
Anna loved the beach.
Anna went to the beach as often as she could.
Anna liked the birds.
Anna liked the waves.
Jason did not like the beach.
Jason did not like how warm the sand was.
Jason did not like the salt in the water.
Jason wanted to stay home.
Jason went to the beach with his mother and father.
Jason met Anna at the beach.
Anna had a red kite.
Jason liked the red kite very much.
Anna was having trouble getting the red kite in the air.
Anna was sad.
Jason went over to help Anna.
Together, Jason and Anna got the red kite into the air.
Jason and Anna watched the red kite go higher and higher.
Anna let Jason fly the red kite for a little bit.
After that, Jason was hungry.
Anna showed Jason that she had brought a green picnic basket from her house.
Inside the green picnic basket, there were cakes.
Inside the green picnic basket, there were sandwiches.
Inside the green picnic basket, there was salad.
Inside the green picnic basket, there was some fruit.
Jason had brought lemonade in a blue bottle.
Jason shared the lemonade with Anna.
It was the most fun that Jason had at the beach.
Bernard Maddison kept his engagement that evening.
Bernard Maddison dined alone with Lady Thurwell and Helen.
There had been some talk of going to the opera afterwards.
No one seemed to care about going to the opera.
The plan to go to the opera dropped through.
Lady Thurwell said that she would quite enjoy an evening's rest.
Lady Thurwell commented on the life of a chaperon in the season.
Lady Thurwell told Helen that she was sadly wanting in gratitude.
Lady Thurwell stated that they do everything worth doing.
The activities mentioned by Lady Thurwell included picture galleries, matines, shopping, afternoon calls, dinners, dances, and receptions.
Lady Thurwell claimed that there is no slavery like the life of a chaperon.
Helen laughed softly.
Helen said that they do a great deal too much.
Helen mentioned that she is almost coming round to her father's opinion.
Helen stated that her father very seldom comes to London.
Helen noted that her father comes to London only when he wants to pay a visit to his gunmaker or to renew his hunting kit.
Helen remarked that London life does not suit her father at all.
Bernard Maddison expressed that he thinks Helen's father is a very wise man.
Bernard Maddison stated that Helen's father seeks his pleasures in a more wholesome manner.
Helen looked thoughtful.
Helen acknowledged that the life of a man about town is on a very low ethical level.
Helen noted that one meets very few who interest one in society life.
Helen asked Bernard Maddison if he thinks all this society life is very frivolous.
Bernard Maddison stated that he is not willing to be a judge of society life.
Bernard Maddison mentioned that it is a moral axiom that the higher one seeks for pleasures, the greater happiness one attains.
Bernard Maddison declared himself an uncompromising enemy to what is known as fashionable society.
Bernard Maddison stated that he will draw no conclusions about fashionable society.
A little boy is named Jimmy.
Jimmy has a best friend named Jeremy.
Jimmy and Jeremy are walking home from school one day in the cold.
Jimmy and Jeremy walk and talk about how different kindergarten is from the first grade.
Jimmy and Jeremy are in different classes.
Jimmy and Jeremy do different things in their classes.
Jimmy's teacher has the kids do lots of arts and crafts.
The arts and crafts include making sock puppets, pasting pictures, and many other things.
Jeremy wishes he was in the same class as Jimmy.
Jeremy wishes he was in the same class as Jimmy because they are best friends.
Jeremy likes doing arts and crafts.
Jimmy tells Jeremy that they are going to be best friends even if they are in different classes.
Jimmy's statement makes Jeremy feel better.
Jimmy remembers that Jeremy's birthday party is next week.
Jimmy gets excited about Jeremy's birthday party.
Jimmy has the idea to make Jeremy a birthday cake.
Jimmy plans to make the birthday cake with the help of his mother.
Jimmy and Jeremy finally arrive at the corner where Jimmy lives.
Jimmy and Jeremy promise to meet up the next morning for the walk to school.
Jeremy lives three houses down from Jimmy.
Jeremy races home.
A fourth video has been released.
Gruber-gate is now in full swing.
The latest caught-on-tape remarks are from economist Jonathan Gruber.
Jonathan Gruber is one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act.
Jonathan Gruber asserted back in 2010 that the American public does not actually care that much about the uninsured.
Jonathan Gruber thinks he knows the American public very well.
In another video released earlier, Jonathan Gruber said that to pass new health care legislation, the Obama administration successfully relied on an electorate that did not really understand it.
Jonathan Gruber stated that it was a very clever exploitation of the lack of economic understanding of the American voter.
Jonathan Gruber made this statement at the Honors Colloquium 2012 at the University of Rhode Island.
There appears to be a bottomless well of Jonathan Gruber's greatest hits.
In yet another video from a speech at the University of Pennsylvania in 2013, Jonathan Gruber explained that the very function of the law was totally unpalatable to voters.
Jonathan Gruber suggested that voters would have understood the law if they had turned away from their Cheetos bags and NASCAR races long enough to catch it.
Jonathan Gruber stated that if there had been a law which said healthy people are going to pay in, it would not have passed.
Jonathan Gruber admitted that the sales pitch was one big cover-up operation.
Jonathan Gruber described lack of transparency as a huge advantage.
Jonathan Gruber referred to the situation as the stupidity of the American voter.
Jonathan Gruber stated that the lack of transparency was really critical to getting the Affordable Care Act to pass.
Lady Wallinger and Edith were together in the morning room of Hellingsley.
The time was the morning after the arrival of Oswald.
Edith was arranging flowers in a vase.
Lady Wallinger was embroidering a Spanish peasant in correct costume.
Edith is the daughter of Millbank.
Edith looked bright and fragrant like the fair creations that surrounded her.
It was beautiful to watch Edith as she arranged the flowers and composed their groups.
Edith's eye glanced with gratification at some happy combination of colour.
Edith expressed delight as the flowers wafted their perfume to her in gratitude.
Oswald and Sir Joseph were surveying the stables.
Mr. Millbank had been daily expected for the last week from the factories.
Mr. Millbank had not yet arrived.
Lady Wallinger said that Oswald gained her heart from the first.
Edith wished the gardener would send them more roses.
Lady Wallinger continued that Oswald is very superior to any young man she ever met.
Edith inquired if they must have the vase entirely of roses.
Lady Wallinger said she is fond of roses.
Lady Wallinger mentioned the beautiful bouquets Mr. Coningsby gave them at Paris.
Edith agreed that the bouquets were beautiful.
Lady Wallinger expressed happiness when she met Mr. Coningsby again at Cambridge.
Lady Wallinger stated that meeting Mr. Coningsby gave her much greater pleasure than seeing any of the colleges.
Edith remarked on how delighted Oswald seems at having Mr. Coningsby for a companion again.
Lady Wallinger responded that it is very natural for Oswald to feel that way.
Lady Wallinger stated that Oswald ought to deem himself fortunate in having such a friend.
Lady Wallinger expressed that she will never forget the kindness of Mr. Coningsby when they met at Cambridge.
Lady Wallinger declared that Mr. Coningsby was her favourite from the first time she saw him at Paris.
Lady Wallinger told Edith that she liked Mr. Coningsby best of all Edith's admirers.
For most people, snakes seem unpleasant or even threatening.
Howie Choset sees in the delicate movements of snakes a way to save lives.
Howie Choset is a 37-year-old professor at Carnegie Mellon University.
Howie Choset has spent years developing snake-like robots.
Howie Choset hopes the snake-like robots will eventually slide through fallen buildings.
The snake-like robots are intended to search for victims trapped after natural disasters or other emergencies.
Dan Kara is the president of Robotics Trends.
Robotics Trends is a company based in Northboro, Massachusetts.
Robotics Trends publishes an online industry magazine.
Robotics Trends runs robotics trade shows.
Dan Kara said there are other snake-like robots being developed, mainly at universities.
Dan Kara did not know of any snake-like robot that could climb pipes.
The Carnegie Mellon machines are designed to carry cameras and electronic sensors.
The Carnegie Mellon machines can be controlled with a joystick.
The Carnegie Mellon machines move smoothly with the help of small electric motors.
Small electric motors are commonly used by hobbyists in model airplanes.
The robots are built from lightweight materials.
The robots are about the size of a human arm or smaller.
The robots can sense which way is up.
The robots are only as good as their human operators, according to Howie Choset.
Sam Stover is a search term manager with the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency is based in Indiana.
Sam Stover said snake-type robots would offer greater mobility than currently available equipment.
Currently available equipment includes cameras attached to extendable poles.
Sam Stover said snake-type robots allow rescue workers to do something they have not been able to do before.
Sam Stover stated that they needed snake-type robots yesterday.
Sam Stover said sniffer dogs are still the best search tool for rescue workers.
Sniffer dogs can only be used effectively when workers have access to damaged buildings.
Sam Stover was among the rescue workers who handled the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
Sam Stover said snake robots would have helped rescuers search flooded houses during Hurricane Katrina.
Howie Choset said the robots may not be ready for use for another five to ten years, depending on funding.
There once was a boy named John.
John was a good superhero.
John thought he was a superhero.
John's mommy made him eat his cereal with yoghurt every morning.
John's mommy made him eat cereal with yoghurt so he could stay strong.
Today John had to go to school.
John wasn't very happy about going to school.
After breakfast, John walked to the bus stop.
At the bus stop, John found his neighbor Ashley.
Ashley was also an evil superhero.
John thought Ashley was an evil superhero.
When John got to the bus stop, Ashley made a silly face at him.
Ashley dared John to lick a worm she found on the sidewalk.
John had super powers.
John said yes to the dare.
John picked up the worm.
The worm was slimy and gross.
The worm wiggled around between John's fingers.
John closed his eyes and licked the worm.
Ashley laughed so hard that she fell to the ground.
John felt like a real superhero who had won the day for good kids everywhere.
John would start wearing a cape to school first thing tomorrow.
John hoped his mommy would let him wear the cape.
The bus came.
Ashley was still sitting on the ground laughing.
John had a great, superhero kind of thought.
John put the worm in Ashley's hair.
Ashley was screaming.
John the superhero got in trouble for putting the worm in Ashley's hair.
Tom goes everywhere with Catherine Green.
Catherine Green is a 54-year-old secretary.
Tom moves around Catherine Green's office at work.
Tom goes shopping with Catherine Green.
Catherine Green states that most people don't seem to mind Tom.
Catherine Green thinks Tom is wonderful.
Catherine Green refers to Tom as her fourth child.
Catherine Green may think of Tom and treat him as her son.
Tom moves around buying his food.
Tom pays his health bills.
Tom pays his taxes.
Tom is a dog.
Catherine Green and Tom live in Sweden.
Sweden is a country where everyone is expected to lead an orderly life according to rules laid down by the government.
The government of Sweden provides a high level of care for its people.
The high level of care in Sweden costs money.
People in Sweden pay taxes on everything.
People in Sweden are not surprised to find that owning a dog means more taxes.
Some people in Sweden are paying as much as 500 Swedish kronor in taxes a year for the right to keep their dog.
The taxes paid by dog owners in Sweden are spent by the government on dog hospitals.
The taxes paid by dog owners in Sweden are sometimes spent on medical treatment for a dog that falls ill.
Most medical treatment for dogs in Sweden is expensive.
Dog owners in Sweden often decide to offer health and even life insurance for their dog.
In Sweden, dog owners must pay for any damage their dog does.
A Swedish Kennel Club official explains the implications of dog ownership.
If a dog runs out on the road and gets hit by a passing car, the owner has to pay for any damage done to the car.
The owner has to pay for damage to the car even if their dog has been killed in the accident.
Sam woke in the morning.
Sam was super excited.
Today was the day.
Today was Sunday.
Sam's mom and dad had promised to take Sam to the beach.
Sam's grandma had given a pail to Sam.
Sam's grandma had given a shovel to Sam.
Sam was so excited at breakfast that he was wiggling in his seat.
Mom told Sam that they would leave when the big hand on the clock was pointing to the 10.
Mom told Sam that they would leave when the little hand on the clock was pointing to the 12.
Mom asked Sam if he would like to help make sandwiches for the trip.
Sam said that he wanted to help.
Dad suggested making a game of making sandwiches.
Dad said they needed to make a sandwich for each of them.
There were three of them.
They needed three sandwiches.
Dad suggested counting as they made the sandwiches.
Sam counted as mom made the sandwiches.
Mom made one sandwich for dad.
Mom made one sandwich for mom.
Mom made one sandwich for Sam.
Mom started to make another sandwich.
Sam exclaimed that they had three sandwiches.
Sam stated that three sandwiches made one sandwich for each of them.
Sam's mom laughed.
Sam's mom acknowledged that Sam was right.
Sam's mom said she was being silly.
In 1989, the warnings about the Spike Lee film 'Do the Right Thing' were dire.
Critics and columnists said that 'Do the Right Thing' would provoke violence and disrupt race relations.
Spike Lee wanted to do a film that would try to show what was happening at the time.
Jack Kroll was a writer for Newsweek.
Jack Kroll wrote that 'This movie is dynamite under every seat.'
Other commentators believed that 'Do the Right Thing' would harm the candidacy of David Dinkins.
David Dinkins was an African-American who was running for mayor of New York.
Commentators thought that the film might even spark riots at movie theaters.
Instead, what the film provoked was talk.
There were no riots related to the film.
David Dinkins was elected as mayor of New York.
'Do the Right Thing' had a successful run at the box office.
'Do the Right Thing' was not as successful as Spike Lee and his supporters hoped.
'Do the Right Thing' was nominated for two Academy Awards.
Twenty years later, 'Do the Right Thing' still maintains a hold on the imagination.
In 2007, the American Film Institute ranked 'Do the Right Thing' as one of the 100 best American films.
Roger Ebert was a film critic.
Roger Ebert wrote that he cried when he first saw 'Do the Right Thing' at the Cannes Film Festival.
Roger Ebert still considers 'Do the Right Thing' a wonder.
Roger Ebert wrote in 2001 that Spike Lee had done an almost impossible thing.
Roger Ebert stated that Spike Lee made a movie about race in America that empathized with all the participants.
Part of the staying power of 'Do the Right Thing' is in its boldness, both in look and action.
Spike Lee's first two films were 'She's Gotta Have It' (1986) and 'School Daze' (1988).
The first two films marked Spike Lee as a rising young filmmaker.
'Do the Right Thing' was made when Spike Lee was just 32.
'Do the Right Thing' showcased Spike Lee's confidence.
The film featured a deliberately striking color scheme with bright reds and oranges.
The bright reds and oranges made a hot day seem even hotter.
'Do the Right Thing' had a heightened, sometimes stagy, atmosphere.
'Do the Right Thing' culminated in a grim, documentary-style riot climax.
A late autumn journey from the west coast to Paris was a more serious undertaking in the sixteenth century than Master Hobbs was aware of.
Master Hobbs was a good seaman.
Master Hobbs would have used stronger dissuasive measures against the undertaking by the two youths if he had been aware of the seriousness of the journey.
The elder youth was in a frail state of health.
There was a certain deceptive strength and vigour about young Ribaumont while under strong excitement and determination.
The whole party fancied young Ribaumont was far fitter to meet the hardships than was really the case.
Philip Thistlewood always recollected that journey as the most distressing period of his life.
The party was out of the ordinary highways.
The party found the hiring of horses often extremely difficult.
The party had intended to purchase horses.
The party found no animals that they would have accepted as a gift.
At every wretched inn, the party had to wait while the country was scoured for miserable jades.
The proposed requirements of the party fell lower and lower at the inns.
Dens of smoke, dirt, and boorishness were the great proportion of those inns.
The party was compelled to take refuge in the inns due to the breaking down of one or other of the beasts or by stress of weather.
Snow, rain, thaw, and frost alternated during the journey.
Each variety of weather rendered the roads impassable.
At the best, the beasts could seldom be urged beyond a walk.
The beasts were fetlock-deep in mire or water.
Berenger was far from recovered.
Berenger was under the heavy oppression of a heartrending grief.
Berenger could hardly fail to lose the ground that he had gained under the influence of hope.
The cold seemed to fix itself on the wound on Berenger's cheek.
Terrible pain and swelling set in for Berenger.
The pain and swelling deprived Berenger entirely of sleep.
Berenger could take no nourishment but fragments of soft crumbs soaked in wine or broth when the inns afforded any such fare.
The pain rendered speech excessively painful for Berenger.
The pain rendered speech unintelligible for Berenger.
William Stidger taught at Boston University.
William Stidger once thought about the people he hadn't thanked in his life.
The people William Stidger hadn't thanked taught him.
The people William Stidger hadn't thanked encouraged him.
The people William Stidger hadn't thanked cared a lot about him.
One of the people William Stidger hadn't thanked was a teacher.
The teacher once taught William Stidger geography.
William Stidger loved geography all his life.
William Stidger wrote a letter of thanks to the teacher.
William Stidger received the teacher's letter later.
The teacher's letter began with 'My dear Willie.'
William Stidger was very happy when he received the letter.
William Stidger was over 50 years old.
William Stidger didn't think someone would call him 'Willie'.
The teacher's letter expressed how much William Stidger's letter meant to her.
The teacher is in her eighties.
The teacher is living alone in a small room.
The teacher is cooking her own meals.
The teacher taught school for 50 years.
William Stidger's letter was the first letter of appreciation the teacher ever received.
The teacher received William Stidger's letter on a cold morning.
The teacher felt very warm after receiving William Stidger's letter.
William Stidger cried when he read the teacher's letter.
The teacher was one of the people that William Stidger hadn't thanked in his past.
The teacher helped William Stidger to believe in himself.
William Stidger would never forget the teacher.
There are some people we should always remember.
Some people helped to shape William Stidger's life.
William Stidger found a way to show his appreciation by writing letters.
The text poses a question about who are some of the people that the reader needs to say thank you to in their past.
The text suggests that it may not be too late to say 'Thanks'.
Louisiana is a state located in the Southern United States.
Louisiana is the 31st most extensive of the 50 United States.
Louisiana is the 25th most populous of the 50 United States.
The capital of Louisiana is Baton Rouge.
The largest city of Louisiana is New Orleans.
Louisiana is the only state in the U.S. with political subdivisions termed parishes.
Parishes are the local government's equivalent to counties in Louisiana.
The largest parish by population in Louisiana is East Baton Rouge Parish.
The largest parish by total area in Louisiana is Plaquemines.
Louisiana is bordered by Arkansas to the north.
Louisiana is bordered by Mississippi to the east.
Louisiana is bordered by Texas to the west.
Louisiana is bordered by the Gulf of Mexico to the south.
Much of Louisiana's lands were formed from sediment washed down the Mississippi River.
The sediment washed down the Mississippi River left enormous deltas in Louisiana.
The sediment washed down the Mississippi River left vast areas of coastal marsh and swamp in Louisiana.
The coastal marsh and swamp in Louisiana contain a rich southern biota.
Typical examples of the southern biota in Louisiana include birds such as ibis and egrets.
There are many species of tree frogs in Louisiana.
There are fish such as sturgeon and paddlefish in Louisiana.
In more elevated areas of Louisiana, fire is a natural process in the landscape.
Fire has produced extensive areas of longleaf pine forest in Louisiana.
Fire has produced wet savannas in Louisiana.
The longleaf pine forest and wet savannas in Louisiana support an exceptionally large number of plant species.
Many species of orchids are found in Louisiana.
Many species of carnivorous plants are found in Louisiana.
Louisiana has more Native American tribes than any other southern state.
Louisiana has four federally recognized Native American tribes.
Louisiana has ten state recognized Native American tribes.
Louisiana has four Native American tribes that have not yet received recognition.
Shelly is in second grade.
Shelly is a new student at her school.
Shelly's family has lived in many different places.
Shelly was born in Florida.
Shelly's family moved to Tennessee when Shelly was two years old.
Shelly's family moved to Texas when Shelly was four years old.
Shelly's family moved from Texas to Arizona.
Shelly's family now lives in Arizona.
Shelly is upset because Shelly does not have any friends at Shelly's new school.
Shelly misses Shelly's old school.
Shelly had lots of friends at Shelly's old school.
Shelly really misses Shelly's best friend, Julie.
When Shelly gets to school on the first day, Shelly feels very nervous.
Shelly wants to go back to Shelly's other school.
Shelly even misses Mrs. Bell, who was Shelly's first grade teacher.
Mrs. Borden is Shelly's new teacher.
Mrs. Borden makes Shelly stand in front of the class and say something about Shelly.
Shelly is so embarrassed.
Mrs. Borden tells Shelly to sit between two boys.
The names of the two boys are Tim and John.
When it is time for lunch, Mrs. Borden picks Shelly to lead the line.
Shelly thinks that maybe Mrs. Borden is not so bad after all.
At lunch, Shelly meets Mrs. Stewart.
Mrs. Stewart works in the school office.
Mrs. Stewart is very nice.
Shelly finds a seat in the lunchroom.
Shelly smiles at the girl next to Shelly.
The girl's name is Sue.
Sue is very nice to Shelly.
Sue shares a cookie with Shelly.
Shelly is very happy that Shelly has a new friend.
Climate is the statistics of weather over long periods of time.
Climate is measured by assessing the patterns of variation in temperature, humidity, atmospheric pressure, wind, precipitation, atmospheric particle count and other meteorological variables in a given region over long periods of time.
Climate differs from weather.
Weather only describes the short-term conditions of meteorological variables in a given region.
A region's climate is generated by the climate system.
The climate system has five components: atmosphere, hydrosphere, cryosphere, lithosphere, and biosphere.
The climate of a location is affected by its latitude.
The climate of a location is affected by its terrain.
The climate of a location is affected by its altitude.
The climate of a location is affected by nearby water bodies.
The climate of a location is affected by the currents of nearby water bodies.
Climates can be classified according to the average and the typical ranges of different variables.
The most commonly classified variables are temperature and precipitation.
The most commonly used classification scheme is the Kppen climate classification.
The Thornthwaite system has been in use since 1948.
The Thornthwaite system incorporates evapotranspiration along with temperature and precipitation information.
The Thornthwaite system is used in studying biological diversity.
The Thornthwaite system is used in studying how climate change affects biological diversity.
The Bergeron and Spatial Synoptic Classification systems focus on the origin of air masses.
The origin of air masses defines the climate of a region.
Paleoclimatology is the study of ancient climates.
Direct observations of climate are not available before the 19th century.
Paleoclimates are inferred from proxy variables.
Proxy variables include non-biotic evidence such as sediments found in lake beds.
Proxy variables include ice cores.
Proxy variables include biotic evidence such as tree rings.
Proxy variables include coral.
Climate models are mathematical models of past climates.
Climate models are mathematical models of present climates.
Climate models are mathematical models of future climates.
Climate change may occur over long timescales.
Climate change may occur over short timescales.
Climate change may occur from a variety of factors.
Recent warming is discussed in the context of global warming.
Global warming results in redistributions.
A 3C change in mean annual temperature corresponds to a shift in isotherms of approximately 300400 km in latitude in the temperate zone.
A 3C change in mean annual temperature corresponds to a shift in isotherms of approximately 500 m in elevation.
Species are expected to move upwards in elevation in response to shifting climate zones.
Species are expected to move towards the poles in latitude in response to shifting climate zones.
A gene is a locus of DNA that encodes a functional RNA or protein product.
A gene is the molecular unit of heredity.
The transmission of genes to an organism's offspring is the basis of the inheritance of phenotypic traits.
Most biological traits are under the influence of polygenes.
Polygenes are many different genes.
Biological traits are also influenced by geneenvironment interactions.
Some genetic traits are instantly visible.
Examples of instantly visible genetic traits include eye colour and number of limbs.
Some genetic traits are not instantly visible.
Examples of not instantly visible genetic traits include blood type and risk for specific diseases.
Thousands of basic biochemical processes comprise life.
Genes can acquire mutations in their sequence.
Mutations in genes lead to different variants known as alleles in the population.
Alleles encode slightly different versions of a protein.
Different versions of a protein cause different phenotype traits.
Colloquial usage of the term 'having a gene' typically refers to having a different allele of the gene.
Examples of colloquial usage include 'good genes' and 'hair colour gene'.
Genes evolve due to natural selection.
Natural selection is also known as survival of the fittest of the alleles.
The people of Chazy County were very proud of the Millville Tribune.
The Millville Tribune was the only daily paper in that section of the state.
The Millville Tribune was a very good newspaper.
The Millville Tribune was small in size.
The Millville Tribune related the news of the day as promptly as the great New York journals did.
Arthur Weldon had not been very enthusiastic about the Millville Tribune at any time.
Arthur Weldon humored the girls by attending in a good-natured way to the advertising.
Arthur Weldon hired some of the country folk to get subscriptions for the Millville Tribune.
Arthur Weldon kept the books for the Millville Tribune.
Arthur Weldon was a young man of considerable education.
Arthur Weldon had inherited a large fortune.
Arthur Weldon had his fortune safely invested.
Arthur Weldon had no need, through financial necessity, to interest himself in business of any sort.
Arthur Weldon allowed the girls to print his name as editor in chief of the Millville Tribune.
Arthur Weldon did no editorial work at all for the Millville Tribune.
Arthur Weldon amused himself during the delightful summer days by wandering in the woods.
Arthur Weldon collected botanical specimens while wandering in the woods.
Arthur Weldon sat with Uncle John on the lawn.
Arthur Weldon and Uncle John read together on the lawn.
Arthur Weldon and Uncle John played chess on the lawn.
Both Arthur Weldon and Uncle John were glad the girls were happy in their work.
Both Arthur Weldon and Uncle John were enthusiastic over the success of the girls' audacious venture.
Beth was developing decided talent as a writer of editorials for the Millville Tribune.
Beth's articles were even more thoughtful and dignified than those of Patsy.
The two girls found plenty to occupy them at the office of the Millville Tribune.
Louise did the reportorial work for the Millville Tribune.
Louise flitted through Millville and down to Huntingdon each day in search of small items of local interest.
Louise grew fond of her reportorial work for the Millville Tribune.
Louise's reportorial work brought her close to the people.
Louise's reportorial work enabled her to study the characters and peculiarities of the people.
Louise's manner of approaching the simple country folk was gracious and winning.
The simple country folk freely gave Louise any information they possessed.
The simple country folk chatted with Louise unreservedly.
The Royal Victorian Order is a dynastic order of knighthood.
The Royal Victorian Order was established in 1896 by Queen Victoria.
The Royal Victorian Order recognises distinguished personal service to the monarch of the Commonwealth realms.
The Royal Victorian Order recognises distinguished personal service to members of the monarch's family.
The Royal Victorian Order recognises distinguished personal service to any viceroy or senior representative of the monarch.
The present monarch is Queen Elizabeth II.
Queen Elizabeth II is the Sovereign of the Royal Victorian Order.
The motto of the Royal Victorian Order is 'Victoria'.
The official day of the Royal Victorian Order is 20 June.
The order's chapel is the Savoy Chapel in London.
There are no limits on the number honoured by the Royal Victorian Order.
Admission to the Royal Victorian Order remains at the sole discretion of the monarch.
The Royal Victorian Order has five grades and one medal with three levels.
The five grades and one medal of the Royal Victorian Order represent different levels of service.
All those honoured by the Royal Victorian Order may use the prescribed styles of the order.
The top two grades of the Royal Victorian Order grant titles of knighthood.
All grades of the Royal Victorian Order accord distinct post-nominal letters.
The Royal Victorian Order's precedence amongst other honours differs from realm to realm.
Admission to some grades of the Royal Victorian Order may be barred to citizens of those realms by government policy.
Prior to the close of the 19th century, most general honours within the British Empire were bestowed by the sovereign.
The sovereign bestowed honours on the advice of her British ministers.
British ministers sometimes forwarded advice from ministers of the Crown in the Dominions and colonies.
Appointments to the Most Noble Order of the Garter had been made on ministerial advice since the 18th century.
Appointments to the Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle had been made on ministerial advice since the 18th century.
The personal gift of the sovereign for the Most Noble Order of the Garter was restored in 1946.
The personal gift of the sovereign for the Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle was restored in 1947.
Queen Victoria established the Royal Victorian Order on 21 April 1896.
The Royal Victorian Order is a junior and personal order of knighthood.
The Royal Victorian Order allowed Queen Victoria to bestow honours directly to an empire-wide community for personal services.
The Royal Victorian Order was founded a year preceding Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee.
The founding of the Royal Victorian Order gave Queen Victoria time to complete a list of first inductees.
The official day of the Royal Victorian Order was made 20 June of each year.
The official day of the Royal Victorian Order marks the anniversary of Queen Victoria's accession to the throne.
The mountain is such that it always begins to weigh heavily at the bottom.
The more a person ascends, the less it hurts.
The quote is from Dante's _Il Purgatorio_.
It was not many days after Mrs. Davilow's arrival that Gwendolen would consent to remain at Genoa.
Gwendolen's desire to get away from Genoa helped to rally her strength and courage.
Genoa is described as a gem of the sea.
The inward sense can turn any place into a circle of punishment.
In this circle of punishment, flowers may be no better than a crop of flame-tongues burning the soles of our feet.
Gwendolen said, 'I shall never like to see the Mediterranean again.'
Gwendolen said this to her mother.
Mrs. Davilow thought that she understood her child's feeling.
Mrs. Davilow had a tacit prohibition of any express reference to Gwendolen's late husband.
Mrs. Davilow was compelled to regard this time as one of severe calamity.
Mrs. Davilow was virtually enjoying her life more than she had ever done since her daughter's marriage.
It seemed that Gwendolen was brought back to her mother with all the old affection.
Gwendolen had a conscious cherishing of her mother's nearness.
The conscious cherishing of her mother's nearness is similar to how one cherishes a possession that has been on the brink of losing.
Gwendolen cried, 'Are you there, mamma?' in the middle of the night.
A bed had been made for Mrs. Davilow in the same room with Gwendolen.
Gwendolen cried out very much as she would have done in her early girlhood if she had felt frightened in lying awake.
SeaWorld will resume killer whale shows.
The company and two federal agencies are investigating the death of a whale trainer at SeaWorld Orlando.
Company and federal officials announced the investigation on Friday.
The shows were suspended at all SeaWorld locations after the death on Wednesday at SeaWorld Orlando.
The shows will resume on Saturday with new precautionary measures in place.
Jim Atchison is the president of SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment.
The Labor Department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration announced they are looking into the death of Dawn Brancheau.
The Agriculture Department's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service announced they are looking into the death of Dawn Brancheau.
Dawn Brancheau was 40 years old.
Dawn Brancheau was pulled underwater when a killer whale named Tilikum grabbed her ponytail.
A source at SeaWorld said that after seizing Dawn Brancheau, the killer whale dove deep underwater.
Trainers eventually had to wrangle the killer whale into a smaller pool before they could retrieve Dawn Brancheau's body about 40 minutes later.
A former head of animal training said that Dawn Brancheau left herself vulnerable to attack.
The former head of animal training said that Dawn Brancheau may have broken the park's training protocol.
Thad Lacinak is a former SeaWorld trainer.
Thad Lacinak had worked with Dawn Brancheau in the past.
Thad Lacinak said that Dawn Brancheau would tell you that it was her mistake in allowing the situation to happen.
Thad Lacinak called Dawn Brancheau one of the best killer whale trainers he ever worked with.
Thad Lacinak said that Dawn Brancheau should not have been lying in a slideout so close to a killer whale.
A slideout is a platform covered by roughly 4 inches of water.
On the next day but one, Randal arranged his departure for Sydenham.
Randal arranged his departure so as to arrive at the hotel an hour before the time appointed for the dinner.
Randal's prospects of success in pleading for a favorable reception of his brother's message were uncertain.
Randal refrained from taking Herbert into his confidence.
Randal refrained from taking Herbert into his confidence in fear of raising hopes which he might not be able to justify.
No one knew on what errand Randal was bent when Randal left the house.
As Randal took his place in the carriage, the newspaper boy appeared at the window as usual.
The new number of a popular weekly journal had that day been published.
Randal bought the new number of the popular weekly journal.
After reading one or two of the political articles, Randal arrived at the columns specially devoted to 'Fashionable Intelligence.'
Randal cared nothing for 'Fashionable Intelligence.'
Randal was turning over the pages in search of the literary and dramatic articles.
A name not unfamiliar to Randal caught Randal's eye.
Randal read the paragraph in which the name appeared.
The charming widow, Mrs. Norman, is among the distinguished guests staying at Buck's Hotel.
It is whispered that Mrs. Norman is to be shortly united to a retired naval officer of Arctic fame.
The retired naval officer is now better known as one of our leading philanthropists.
The allusion to Bennydeck was too plain to be mistaken.
Randal looked again at the first words in the paragraph.
Randal questioned if 'the charming widow' referred to Catherine.
To suppose Catherine capable of assuming to be a widow was, in Randal's estimation, to wrong Catherine cruelly.
Randal's own suspicions were steadily contradicting him.
Randal arrived at the hotel, obstinately believing that 'the charming widow' would prove to be a stranger.
Robots are smart.
Robots have computer brains.
Robots help people work in dangerous places.
Robots help people do difficult jobs.
Some robots do regular jobs.
Bobby is a robot mail carrier.
Bobby brings mail to a large office building in Washington, D.C.
Bobby is one of 250 robot mail carriers in the United States.
Mr. Leachim weighs two hundred pounds.
Mr. Leachim is six feet tall.
Mr. Leachim has some advantages as a teacher.
One advantage of Mr. Leachim is that he does not forget details.
Mr. Leachim knows each child's name.
Mr. Leachim knows each child's parents' names.
Mr. Leachim knows what each child knows and needs to know.
Mr. Leachim knows each child's pets.
Mr. Leachim knows each child's hobbies.
Mr. Leachim does not make mistakes.
Each child goes and tells Mr. Leachim his or her name.
Each child dials an identification number.
Mr. Leachim's computer brain puts the child's voice and number together.
Mr. Leachim identifies the child with no mistakes.
Another advantage of Mr. Leachim is that he is flexible.
If the children need more time to do their lessons, they can move switches.
The children can repeat Mr. Leachim's lesson over and over again.
When the children do a good job, Mr. Leachim tells them something interesting about their hobbies.
At the end of the lesson, the children switch Mr. Leachim off.
Douglas loves to play soccer.
Douglas plays for the Dolphins.
Douglas is very good at soccer.
Douglas was excited about the big game with the Lions.
The night before the game, Douglas went to bed late.
Douglas was watching three TV shows that night.
The first TV show was Muffins the Cat.
The second TV show was Ernie the Talking Donkey.
The third TV show was Laughing with Herman Hamster.
Douglas's Mom told Douglas to go to bed.
Douglas didn't listen to his Mom.
Douglas fell asleep on the couch.
Douglas dreamed all night.
Douglas dreamed first about sheep jumping fences.
Douglas dreamed second about playing fetch the ball with Ruffles.
Douglas dreamed third about Ernie the Talking Donkey kicking a soccer ball over the moon.
Douglas dreamed fourth about his favorite soccer player, Pele, heading the ball in the goal.
The next morning, Douglas got up late because he was so tired.
Douglas's Mom called Douglas.
The alarm went off, but Douglas did not hear it.
To get Douglas up, Douglas's Mom got Ruffles the dog to lick Douglas in the face.
Douglas got up but had to eat breakfast fast.
Douglas quickly dressed into his uniform.
Douglas was yawning.
Douglas's Mom drove Douglas to the soccer field.
The game had started.
Douglas had to sit out the first quarter.
Douglas's team was losing one to nothing when Howard scored for the Lions.
Douglas started the second quarter.
Douglas was tired and could not keep up with the rest of his team.
The coach was surprised that Douglas was so slow.
Usually, Douglas was fast.
After the second quarter, the Dolphins were losing two to one after Howard scored again for the Lions and Toby scored a goal for the Dolphins.
While the coach gave energy drinks to the team, Douglas fell asleep.
The third quarter started.
Douglas was snoring when the coach told Douglas to go in.
When the coach saw Douglas was sleeping, the coach sent Billy into the game.
Billy scored one goal and the Dolphins had tied the game two to two.
Ruffles the dog started barking and then licking Douglas in the face.
Douglas got up and stretched.
Douglas was finally well rested.
The coach saw Douglas and sent Douglas into the game.
Douglas remembered his dream.
In the last second, Douglas headed the ball in the goal like Pele.
Douglas won the game.
The team cheered.
Since that time, Douglas goes to bed on time.
Douglas always wants to be well rested.
Douglas's Mom was right.
Douglas gave his Mom a hug.
Jessica went to sit in her rocking chair.
Today was Jessica's birthday.
Jessica was turning 80 years old.
Jessica's granddaughter Annie was coming over in the afternoon.
Jessica was very excited to see Annie.
Jessica's daughter Melanie was coming over.
Melanie's husband Josh was coming over.
Jessica had a lot to do before Melanie and Josh got here.
Jessica was very tired.
After taking a nap for half an hour, Jessica got up.
Jessica walked to the drier.
Jessica moved the dry clothes into a basket.
Jessica took the clothes out of the washer.
Jessica put the clothes into the drier.
Jessica pressed the button on the drier to get it started.
Jessica walked back out of the room.
Jessica needed to feed her duck.
The chickens in Jessica's backyard did not need to be fed.
The chickens belonged to Jessica's neighbor.
Jack the dog had been fed earlier that morning.
Becky the cat always had food in her bowl.
After Jessica finished feeding the duck, she came inside.
Jessica heard the telephone ringing.
Jessica answered the phone.
Annie's excited voice said 'Happy birthday grandma!'
Annie said they would be over very soon.
Jessica smiled because she loved her family more than anything.
Jessica was very excited.
Jessica sat back on her rocking chair.
Jessica waited until her family arrived.
Once upon a time, there were four children.
Each of the children had a favorite color.
John's favorite color was blue.
Jack's favorite color was red.
Jenny's favorite color was purple.
Alice's favorite color was yellow.
The four children walked along the road one day.
The four children stopped to pick flowers for their mother.
Jack picked a handful of red flowers.
Jack said, 'Mom is going to love these!'
Jenny picked a handful of purple flowers.
Jenny thought, 'These are perfect for mother.'
Alice picked two handfuls of yellow flowers.
Alice said, 'Yellow flowers are so pretty for mom's kitchen.'
John looked and looked, but John couldn't find any blue flowers.
John looked along the road, but there were no blue flowers.
John looked by the stream, but there were no blue flowers.
John was very sad.
The four children walked along the road toward home to give their flowers to their mother.
John walked very slowly and hung his head because John didn't have any flowers to give his mother.
As the four children neared their home, John saw a small bunch of blue flowers growing near the fence.
John was so happy he picked all the blue flowers.
John rushed to catch up with his brother and sisters.
When the four children got home, they gave their mother all the flowers they had picked.
Their mother thanked them.
Their mother put the flowers on her kitchen table.
Their mother said, 'I have the most thoughtful children in the world.'
Forester and Marco did not take breakfast on board the steamboat.
Forester and Marco waited until they got on shore to have breakfast.
Forester and Marco inquired of a fellow-passenger.
The fellow-passenger seemed acquainted with the country.
The fellow-passenger told Forester and Marco that there was a very good tavern about a quarter of a mile from the mill.
When Forester and Marco landed upon the logs, Marco wanted to ramble about for a little time along the shore and among the piles of boards.
Marco's curiosity seemed to be stronger than his appetite.
Forester thought it would be best to go and get their breakfast first.
Forester said that they could then amuse themselves by rambling about after breakfast.
Forester said they would be ready to return to the steamboat whenever they sent for them.
Forester and Marco went to the tavern.
Forester seemed to have little appetite for his breakfast.
Forester complained of feeling fatigued.
Forester had nothing to fatigue him.
Marco ate and talked fast all the time.
Forester seemed silent and dejected.
Marco asked Forester what was the matter with him.
Forester said that he felt somewhat unwell.
There was a sofa in the room.
Forester concluded to lie down upon the sofa and not go out.
Marco was, at first, disposed to stay and take care of Forester.
Forester said that he did not need anything.
Forester wished Marco to go out and amuse himself.
Forester told Marco that he may go and see the mill and the logs along the shore.
Forester advised Marco to be careful not to go where there is any danger.
Forester asked Marco to come and let him know when the boat is coming from the steamer to take them on board again.
George Zimmerman is set to stand trial in the 2012 shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin.
On Tuesday, George Zimmerman waived his right to a 'stand your ground' pretrial immunity hearing.
George Zimmerman's attorneys have decided to try the case as a self-defense case.
Florida's deadly force law is also called 'stand your ground'.
Florida's deadly force law was passed in 2005.
Florida's deadly force law allows people to meet 'force with force' if they believe they or someone else is in danger of being seriously harmed by an assailant.
Under Florida's deadly force law, a person can use deadly force anywhere as long as he is not engaged in an unlawful activity.
Under Florida's deadly force law, a person can use deadly force anywhere as long as he is being attacked in a place he has a right to be.
Under Florida's deadly force law, a person can use deadly force anywhere as long as he reasonably believes that his life and safety are in danger as a result of an overt act or perceived threat committed by someone else.
In a pretrial immunity hearing, a judge would have ruled whether George Zimmerman's actions were protected under the 'stand your ground' law.
A ruling in favor of George Zimmerman would have meant that no criminal or civil trial could proceed.
Trayvon Martin was shot and killed on February 26, 2012.
Trayvon Martin was returning from a nearby convenience store to his father's fiance's house in a gated community in Sanford, Florida.
George Zimmerman is a neighborhood watch captain.
George Zimmerman acknowledged that he shot the unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin.
George Zimmerman said that Trayvon Martin physically attacked him.
George Zimmerman fired in self-defense.
Initially, no charges were pursued against George Zimmerman.
The case soon became the center of a national controversy.
George Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder on April 11, 2012.
Dr. Conrad Murray was Michael Jackson's personal physician.
Dr. Conrad Murray is refusing to testify in the wrongful death lawsuit that Michael Jackson's mother filed against concert promoter AEG Live.
If called, Dr. Conrad Murray will plead the fifth so as not to incriminate himself.
Dr. Conrad Murray sent a statement to the Jackson family.
Dr. Conrad Murray has never been questioned under oath about Michael Jackson's death.
Michael Jackson's death occurred while Dr. Conrad Murray was responsible for his care.
Dr. Conrad Murray did not testify at his trial.
Dr. Conrad Murray was found guilty of causing Michael Jackson's death on June 25, 2009.
Dr. Conrad Murray administered a deadly overdose of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic propofol.
Dr. Conrad Murray told police that the administration of drugs was an attempt to cure Michael Jackson's insomnia.
Dr. Conrad Murray is serving a four-year sentence.
Dr. Conrad Murray could be released in two years.
On Monday, Dr. Conrad Murray was supposed to be deposed in the wrongful death suit.
Lawyers for Michael Jackson's mother, Katherine, and her three children called off their jailhouse visit.
Dr. Conrad Murray swore that he would not answer any questions at the deposition or the trial.
Kevin Boyle is a lawyer for the Jackson family.
Kevin Boyle stated that the Jackson case would not suffer without Dr. Conrad Murray's testimony.
AEG's lawyer suggests that the Jacksons canceled Dr. Conrad Murray's deposition because his testimony would destroy their case.
Marvin Putnam is a lawyer for AEG.
Marvin Putnam stated that the Jacksons are not interested in the truth.
The cancellation of the deposition came after Dr. Conrad Murray's attorney, Valerie Wass, sent the Jacksons a sworn statement.
The sworn statement was signed by Dr. Conrad Murray.
The sworn statement made it clear that Dr. Conrad Murray would not answer any questions while his involuntary manslaughter conviction in Michael Jackson's death is being appealed.
One morning, Justin woke up very excited.
Justin was excited because it was his birthday.
Justin went downstairs to eat breakfast.
When Justin got downstairs, Justin's mom said, 'Happy Birthday.'
Justin said, 'Thank you!'
Justin asked his mom, 'Am I going to have lots of presents?'
Justin's mom replied, 'Yes, Justin. When your friends come over for your birthday party you'll get lots!'
Justin said, 'Hooray!' while eating his breakfast.
Later that day, Justin's friends came over for Justin's birthday party.
Justin's friends brought over lots of presents.
Justin and his friends ate cake and ice cream.
Justin and his friends played games like tag.
Justin and his friends played with a football.
After Justin and his friends were done playing, Justin got to open his presents.
Justin saw lots of presents.
Justin saw red presents.
Justin saw blue presents.
Justin saw tall presents.
Justin saw round presents.
Justin said, 'Thank you!' as he started to open his presents.
Justin got a basketball.
Justin got a robot toy.
Justin got a new bike.
Justin got some super hero toys.
After all of Justin's friends left, Justin fell asleep very fast.
Justin fell asleep very fast because of the exciting day Justin had.
Justin was happy he got all of those nice things.
John was in the third grade.
John was nine years old.
Every day, John had to walk home from school.
There were some kids in John's class who were mean to John.
During the winter, the mean kids would throw snowballs at John.
John could have told the teacher about the mean kids.
One of the mean kids was a very pretty girl.
The pretty girl was mean to John.
John liked the pretty girl because she was pretty.
John did not want the pretty girl to get in trouble.
One day, John's teacher asked John to stay after class.
John was asked to wipe off the chalkboard.
John was asked to empty the pencil sharpener.
By the time John was done, the other kids had gone home.
The other kids could no longer throw snowballs at John.
John did not mind helping out his teacher.
John soon stayed after class every day.
John was not very good at math.
Sometimes John's teacher would help John when he stayed after school.
John's teacher said if John could help her out for at least two weeks, he could pass his math class.
John thought helping his teacher was a good deal.
John ended up being much better at math.
Running Man is a variety show.
Running Man is aired on SBS.
SBS is a famous South Korean TV channel.
The show broadcasts on Sunday every week.
The translation of Running Man can be watched on the Internet every Monday.
Running Man is very interesting.
Running Man is funny.
In the program Running Man, everyone should keep running.
Liu Zaishi is the main host of Running Man.
Liu Zaishi is known as National Moderator.
Liu Zaishi has a friendly, witty, and lovely hosting style.
Liu Zaishi is one of the most popular hosts and comedians in South Korea.
Jin Zhongguo is the strongest man on Running Man.
Jin Zhongguo is known as Sparta-kooks.
During the race in Running Man, Jin Zhongguo can capture others quickly.
Jin Zhongguo can sometimes be very cute.
Song Zhixiao is a beautiful actress.
Song Zhixiao is also called Mong Zhi.
The term 'mong' means 'confused'.
Song Zhixiao's facial expressions make her seem confused.
During the race mission in Running Man, Song Zhixiao is an ace because of her superior ability to capture.
Young people in Korea love the program Running Man very much.
Some South Korean stars are invited to take part in the race in Running Man every week.
The invited stars are divided into several teams with MCs.
Many stars have participated in Running Man.
Examples of stars who have participated in Running Man include Li Minhao, Girls' Generation, and Jin Xiuxian.
The program Running Man is not only relaxing but also educational.
Running Man teaches people the importance of team spirit.
A young mother had a child.
The child was in kindergarten.
One day, the class took a trip to the zoo.
The trip to the zoo was the start of a very good day.
The child had a lot of fun at the zoo.
The animals at the zoo were very friendly.
The friendliest of all the animals was a baby tiger.
The child called the baby tiger 'kitty'.
The mother laughed when her child asked to see a unicorn.
The mother gave her daughter a cookie.
The mother and her daughter had ham sandwiches for lunch.
The mother and her daughter had lunch by the stone benches in the park area.
There was a trashcan nearby the stone benches.
The mother threw their trash in the trashcan when they were done with lunch.
Then the mother and her daughter went to see the pigs.
The pigs made a noise like 'oink'.
There were also cows at the zoo.
There was also a slide at the zoo.
The slide was a water slide.
The child begged her mother to let her go down the water slide.
At the end of the day, the child was dirty.
At the end of the day, the child was tired.
The child had a lot of fun at the zoo.
The Christian Science Monitor is an international news organization.
The Christian Science Monitor delivers global coverage via its website.
The Christian Science Monitor delivers global coverage via its weekly magazine.
The Christian Science Monitor delivers global coverage via its daily news briefing.
The Christian Science Monitor delivers global coverage via its email newsletters.
The Christian Science Monitor delivers global coverage via its Amazon Kindle subscription.
The Christian Science Monitor delivers global coverage via its mobile site.
The Christian Science Monitor was started in 1908 by Mary Baker Eddy.
Mary Baker Eddy is the founder of the Church of Christ, Scientist.
The print circulation of the Christian Science Monitor was 75,052.
The Christian Science Monitor is a newspaper.
The Christian Science Monitor covers international current events.
The Christian Science Monitor covers United States current events.
The Christian Science Monitor includes a daily religious feature on 'The Home Forum' page.
The Christian Science Monitor states that it is not a platform for evangelizing.
In 2008, the Christian Science Monitor discontinued its daily print version.
The Christian Science Monitor focused on web-based publishing after discontinuing its daily print version.
The Christian Science Monitor replaced its daily print edition with a weekly news magazine with an international focus.
Mark Sappenfield became the editor of the Christian Science Monitor in March of 2017.
Despite its name, the Christian Science Monitor does not claim to be a religious-themed paper.
The Christian Science Monitor says it does not promote the doctrine of its patron church.
At Mary Baker Eddy's request, a daily religious article has appeared in every issue of the Christian Science Monitor.
Mary Baker Eddy required the inclusion of 'Christian Science' in the Christian Science Monitor's name.
Some of Mary Baker Eddy's advisors opposed the inclusion of 'Christian Science' in the Christian Science Monitor's name.
Some of Mary Baker Eddy's advisors thought the religious reference might repel a secular audience.
The inception of the Christian Science Monitor was, in part, a response by Mary Baker Eddy to the journalism of her day.
The journalism of Mary Baker Eddy's day relentlessly covered the sensations and scandals surrounding her new religion.
The journalism of Mary Baker Eddy's day covered her new religion with varying degrees of accuracy.
Joseph Pulitzer's 'New York World' was consistently critical of Mary Baker Eddy.
A derogatory article in 'McClure's' furthered Mary Baker Eddy's decision to found her own media outlet.
Cork was originally a monastic settlement.
Cork was reputedly founded by Saint Finbarr in the 6th century.
Cork achieved an urban character at some point between 915 and 922.
Norseman settlers founded a trading port in Cork.
It has been proposed that Cork was an important trading centre in the global Scandinavian trade network.
The ecclesiastical settlement continued alongside the Viking longphort.
The ecclesiastical settlement and the Viking longphort developed a type of symbiotic relationship.
The Norsemen provided otherwise unobtainable trade goods for the monastery.
The Norsemen may have also provided military aid to the monastery.
The city's charter was granted by Prince John.
Prince John was the Lord of Ireland.
The charter was granted in 1185.
The city was once fully walled.
Some wall sections and gates of the city remain today.
For much of the Middle Ages, Cork city was an outpost of Old English culture.
Cork city was located in the midst of a predominantly hostile Gaelic countryside.
Cork city was cut off from the English government in the Pale around Dublin.
Neighbouring Gaelic and Hiberno-Norman lords extorted 'Black Rent' from the citizens.
'Black Rent' was extorted to keep the citizens from attacking the city.
The present extent of the city has exceeded the medieval boundaries of the Barony of Cork City.
The present extent of the city now takes in much of the neighbouring Barony of Cork.
The Barony of Cork is located between the Barony of Barrymore to the east.
The Barony of Cork is located between Muskerry East to the west.
The Barony of Cork is located between Kerrycurrihy to the south.
There was once a pig named Oink.
Oink lived on a farm.
Oink spent most of his days in a factory making shoes.
In his free time, Oink would make drawings about how much he wished he could fly.
Oink would look up at the stars in wonder.
Oink hoped that some day, his dream might come true.
For many years, Oink's life carried on this way.
Oink would wake up on the farm.
Oink would go to work.
Oink would come home to dream about flying.
One day, Oink got a letter with a strange sticker on it.
The strange sticker on the letter was shaped like a star.
Oink opened the letter in excitement.
Oink wondered what the letter said.
The letter said that Oink was invited to a special party.
The special party took place every year in the clouds.
Animals from all across the world were chosen for the special party.
The special party allowed animals to know what it's like to fly.
If Oink chose to go to the party, he would get his own set of wings.
Oink would fly up into the sky and meet the other animals.
Oink was so happy, he barely knew how to react.
Oink accepted the invitation to the special party.
Two days later, Oink got a package containing his wings.
Oink's dream was finally coming true.
Oink put the wings on his back.
Oink flew up into the sky, where the party was being held.
Once Oink arrived, he saw a bunch of other animals with wings.
Oink saw horses, dogs, cats, and plenty of birds.
Oink found out that it was the birds who had invited everyone.
The birds wanted the other animals to know what it is like to fly.
Oink spent that day flying in the clouds with his new friends.
When the clock reached midnight, Oink knew his time flying was up.
Oink had to return the wings and go back to his farm.
The birds told Oink that they saw how much he enjoyed flying.
The birds would allow Oink to keep his wings.
Oink could fly with the birds whenever he wanted.
Oink was really thankful.
Next time Oink saw the birds, he gave them their own pair of shoes for free as a thank you gift.
Kevin Rudd and Tony Abbott are the two men vying to be Australia's prime minister in the September 7 national election.
Kevin Rudd and Tony Abbott offer contrasting views on China.
China looms largest on Australia's economic and strategic horizon.
Kevin Rudd is the Chinese-speaking incumbent prime minister in the Labor-led government.
Kevin Rudd says the China resources boom is over.
Australia needs to prepare for the transition from the China resources boom.
China has become an important trade partner for Australia in the past decade.
China is a key destination for Australian resources such as iron ore, coal, and LNG.
China's economic pace has hit some speed bumps in recent months.
On the broader geopolitical front, Kevin Rudd wants China and the United States to carve out a new Asia-Pacific strategic road-map.
The new Asia-Pacific strategic road-map will enhance trade, investment, and security in the region.
Tony Abbott has led the opposition Liberal Party since 2009.
Tony Abbott wants the Australia-China relationship to move from one based on shared interests to one of shared values.
Tony Abbott notes that Australia's friendship with China is more recent than that with Japan.
Tony Abbott notes that Australia's friendship with China is less developed than that with the United States.
In a major policy speech to a business audience in Beijing last year, Tony Abbott said he believed it would take time before Australia's ties with China approached the warmth that Australia takes for granted with America.
Tony Abbott believes that the effort to improve ties with China is worth making.
Tony Abbott is a rock-solid supporter of Australia's military alliance with the United States.
Tony Abbott believes that it is possible to be friends with both Washington and Beijing.
John Howard was a former Australian prime minister and mentor to Tony Abbott.
John Howard understood that one could make a new friend without losing an old one.
The narrator never wanted a dog.
The narrator is now glad to have a dog.
About two years ago, Cathy got a little dog.
Cathy is the narrator's wife.
The little dog has a face only a mother could love.
The narrator and Cathy named the little dog Gertie.
Gertie is the kind of dog that has to grow on a person.
The narrator decided that Gertie would be trained.
The training of Gertie did not go as planned.
At 15 weeks old, Gertie was nearly made to leave the Petsmart Training School.
Gertie spent every night lying in the narrator's bed.
Gertie snored so loudly that the narrator hardly got a good night's sleep.
About six months after Gertie arrived, the narrator felt a change in his heart.
The narrator was unable to stop the change in his heart.
The narrator's behavior began to change.
The narrator began to smile at people when passing them in the street.
The narrator returned smiles from neighbors.
The narrator started calling his kids.
The narrator's kids started calling him back.
The narrator tried to speak to his grandchildren over the phone once.
The narrator was glad to listen to laughter from his 10-month-old granddaughter.
The point is that the narrator was changing.
The narrator and Cathy both agree that Gertie has changed the narrator's behavior.
Gertie is now nearly two years old.
Gertie is almost fully grown.
The narrator has come to like Gertie little by little.
Gertie is primarily the dog of the narrator's wife, Cathy.
Manchester City thrashed Sunderland 5-0.
Manchester City kept alive their slim English Premier League title hopes.
Manchester City cemented their position in the top four Champions League places.
Adam Johnson is an England international.
Adam Johnson was making his first start since injuring his ankle in January.
Adam Johnson opened the scoring in the ninth minute.
Carlos Tevez is the captain of Manchester City.
Carlos Tevez doubled the Blues' advantage on the quarter hour from the penalty spot.
David Silva scored in the second half.
Patrick Vieira scored in the second half.
Yaya Toure scored in the second half.
The goals completed the rout for Manchester City.
Manchester City went above reigning champions Chelsea into third in the standings.
Manchester City is six points clear of fifth-placed Tottenham.
Tottenham pipped Manchester City for the final Champions League place last season.
Manchester City has played a game more than Tottenham.
Leaders Manchester United have a seven-point lead over Arsenal.
Arsenal has played a game less than Manchester United.
Manchester City is 10 points adrift of Manchester United.
The strikes from Adam Johnson and Carlos Tevez effectively ended the match as a contest.
Manchester City was always in command against a Sunderland side in poor recent form.
Adam Johnson exchanged passes with Yaya Toure before finishing neatly.
Carlos Tevez was fouled by Michael Turner to draw the penalty.
David Silva scored after a Mario Balotelli shot was blocked.
Patrick Vieira scored with his first touch after coming off the bench.
Yaya Toure scored after an error by Sunderland captain Lee Cattermole.
Nigel de Jong is a Dutch international for Manchester City.
Nigel de Jong said the result was important for Manchester City's Champions League ambitions.
Nigel de Jong stated that there are still seven games to go and anything can happen.
Nigel de Jong mentioned that the result is a great confidence boost for Manchester City.
Nigel de Jong believes that Manchester City are real contenders for the Champions League places.
Nigel de Jong spoke to Sky Sports.
A social class is a set of subjectively defined concepts in the social sciences and political theory.
Social class is centered on models of social stratification.
In social stratification, people are grouped into a set of hierarchical social categories.
The most common hierarchical social categories are the upper, middle, and lower classes.
Class is a subject of analysis for sociologists.
Class is a subject of analysis for political scientists.
Class is a subject of analysis for anthropologists.
Class is a subject of analysis for social historians.
There is not a consensus on a definition of 'class'.
The term 'class' has a wide range of sometimes conflicting meanings.
In common parlance, the term 'social class' is usually synonymous with 'socio-economic class'.
Socio-economic class is defined as people having the same social, economic, cultural, political or educational status.
Examples of socio-economic class include 'the working class' and 'an emerging professional class'.
Academics distinguish between social class and socioeconomic status.
Social class refers to ones relatively stable sociocultural background.
Socioeconomic status refers to ones current social and economic situation.
Socioeconomic status is more changeable over time compared to social class.
The precise measurements of what determines social class in society have varied over time.
Karl Marx thought 'class' was defined by one's relationship to the means of production.
Karl Marx referred to the relations of production when defining class.
Karl Marx identified two main classes in modern capitalist society: the proletariat and the bourgeoisie.
The proletariat consists of those who work but do not own the means of production.
The bourgeoisie consists of those who invest and live off of the surplus generated by the proletariat.
Max Weber argued that 'class' is determined by economic position.
Max Weber distinguished 'class' from 'social status'.
Social status, according to Max Weber, is determined by social prestige rather than simply relations of production.
The cat woke up from its nap under the couch.
The cat was under the couch.
There were no dogs under the couch.
The cat walked out from under the couch.
The cat stretched out his paws along the hard wood floor.
There was some barking from the dogs far outside.
The cat was safe from the dogs for now.
The smell of tuna was in the air.
The cat followed the scent of tuna to the kitchen.
A woman was making a tuna sandwich for her two kids.
The woman finished making the tuna sandwich.
The woman put the tuna can on the floor.
The cat slowly walked up to the tuna can.
The cat saw some juice inside the tuna can.
The cat licked up the yummy tuna juice.
The cat was sad when the tuna juice was all gone.
The woman brought the tuna sandwiches over to her sons at the table.
The woman opened the back door to let the dogs in.
The cat's fur stood on end as the dogs came running after the cat.
The cat ran away into the other room.
The cat ran back to under the couch where it was safe.
There is a large tree in a park.
The large tree is a place where all the kids in the neighborhood can hang out and play.
The large tree was planted in 1896.
The large tree has grown to over fifty feet tall.
The branches of the large tree are another thirty feet wide.
Next to the large tree is a jungle gym.
The jungle gym has two slides.
The jungle gym has a fireman pole.
The jungle gym has a rock climbing wall.
The jungle gym has much more equipment.
One day, the kids in the neighborhood came up with the idea of building a tree house.
The kids wanted to build a tree house so they could spend all of their time at the park, even when it was raining outside.
The children went to their parents begging for help to get wood.
The families of the neighborhood began building the master tree house.
Upon completion, the tree house was ten by twelve feet high.
The tree house has two windows.
The tree house has plenty of space for the children to have fun.
Every day during the summer that year, the children played in the park.
The children went in the tree house from sunrise to sunset every day.
Fifteen years have gone by.
The children are now too old to use the tree house.
The tree house still sits on the large tree.
The tree house now has a new group of kids that get to enjoy the house.
The first kids have become parents.
The first kids get to watch their idea live on.
The first kids get to make the children of the neighborhood happy.
Josie could hear the birds singing outside the classroom window.
Josie could see some of the birds sitting on the branches of an apple tree.
Mrs. Harper checked to see if everyone was present.
Each child called out when the child heard their name.
Mrs. Harper asked for a volunteer to read a story about a family of grasshoppers.
Many hands were raised.
Mrs. Harper picked Josie's friend, Mary, to read the story.
While Mary was reading the story, Mary got a tickle in her throat.
Mary began to cough.
Mrs. Harper told Mary to go get some water to drink.
A boy named Henry finished the story.
Mrs. Harper showed the class a butterfly garden.
Someone asked if butterflies ate other bugs.
Mrs. Harper said that butterflies don't eat but only drink.
Josie was chosen to pass out turkey sandwiches for lunch.
Mrs. Harper went to the refrigerator.
Mrs. Harper got out some vanilla yoghurt for each of the boys and girls.
All the students cheered.
An Iraqi man was jailed after throwing his shoes at then-President George W. Bush last year.
The Iraqi man arrived in Syria on Tuesday night.
The Iraqi man arrived in Syria hours after being released from prison.
The Iraqi man's employer said he arrived in Syria.
Muntadhar al-Zaidi speaks to reporters shortly after his release from an Iraqi jail.
Al-Baghdadia TV reported that Muntadhar al-Zaidi had arrived in Damascus.
Dhirgham al-Zaidi is the brother of Muntadhar al-Zaidi.
Dhirgham al-Zaidi told CNN that Muntadhar al-Zaidi was to travel in a private plane to Greece for medical treatment.
Shortly after leaving prison, Muntadhar al-Zaidi visited the studios of his employer, Al-Baghdadia TV.
Muntadhar al-Zaidi spoke to other reporters about his experience.
Muntadhar al-Zaidi wore a sash in the colors of the Iraqi national flag draped around his shoulders.
Muntadhar al-Zaidi said he was beaten with cables and pipes and tortured with electricity immediately after guards removed him from a news conference.
Muntadhar al-Zaidi hurled both shoes at George W. Bush during the news conference.
Muntadhar al-Zaidi said he was taken into another room and beaten even as the news conference continued.
Muntadhar al-Zaidi remained defiant about the incident that landed him in prison.
Muntadhar al-Zaidi said, 'I got my chance, and I didn't miss it.'
Muntadhar al-Zaidi said, 'I am not a hero, and I admit that.'
Muntadhar al-Zaidi said, 'I am a person with a stance. I saw my country burning.'
Muntadhar al-Zaidi was serving a one-year sentence after the jail-throwing incident on December 14.
Muntadhar al-Zaidi was given a 'conditional discharge.'
Under Iraqi law, a 'conditional discharge' allows for the release of a prisoner after he serves three-quarters of his sentence on good behavior.
Bob was happy.
Bob was at a new school.
Students at the new school were friendly.
Some students greeted Bob by saying, 'Hi, Bob!'
Some students called Bob 'Peter.'
Bob didn't understand why some students called him Peter.
Bob asked one student why some students called him Peter.
The student said that it was easy to answer.
Peter was a student at the new school last year.
Peter is now at a different school.
Bob looked like Peter.
Some students thought that Bob was Peter.
Bob wanted to meet Peter.
Bob got Peter's address from a student.
Bob went to Peter's house.
Peter opened the door.
Bob couldn't believe his eyes when he saw Peter.
Bob looked really like Peter.
Bob and Peter had the same color eyes.
Bob and Peter had the same smile.
Bob and Peter had the same black hair.
Bob and Peter had the same birthday.
Bob and Peter were both adopted by two different families.
Bob and Peter found out that they were twin brothers.
One family adopted Bob soon after the boys were born.
Another family adopted Peter soon after the boys were born.
Bob's family never knew about Peter.
Peter's family never knew about Bob.
Bob and Peter's story appeared in the newspaper.
There was a photo of Bob and Peter next to the story in the newspaper.
A young man called John saw the photo in the newspaper.
John couldn't believe his eyes when he saw the photo.
John looked like Bob and Peter.
John had the same color eyes as Bob and Peter.
John had the same smile as Bob and Peter.
John had the same black hair as Bob and Peter.
John had the same birthday as Bob and Peter.
John was also adopted by another family.
Later, John met Bob and Peter.
When Bob and Peter saw John, they couldn't believe their eyes.
John looked really like Bob and Peter.
Bob and Peter are not twins.
Bob, Peter, and John are triplets.
Each year, Grammy Week offers a full calendar of events.
Each event during Grammy Week boasts a guest list more spectacular than the next.
The most coveted ticket this year was for the '2013 MusiCares Person of the Year Tribute' honoring Bruce Springsteen.
The evening's entertainment featured six Rock and Roll Hall of Famers.
The evening's entertainment featured a few critically acclaimed young artists.
The evening's entertainment featured Bruce Springsteen himself.
Neil Young and Crazy Horse performed a spirited version of 'Born in the U.S.A.'
Neil Young and Crazy Horse were flanked by a pair of cheerleaders.
The cheerleaders had the letter 'S' emblazoned on their sweaters.
Colombian superstar Juanes put a bilingual spin on 'Hungry Heart.'
Juanes sang verses in both Spanish and English.
John Legend transformed 'Dancing in the Dark' into a jazzy piano ballad.
Bruce Springsteen later remarked that John Legend made him sound like Gershwin.
Bruce Springsteen expressed his love for John Legend's performance.
Mumford & Sons performed a banjo-laced cover of 'I'm on Fire.'
Tom Morello and Jim James performed a mesmerizing take on 'The Ghost of Tom Joad.'
Country superstar Kenny Chesney performed a quietly effective rendition of 'One Step Up.'
Elton John opted for simplicity during his performance.
Elton John was accompanied only by his piano on 'Streets of Philadelphia.'
Sting exhibited a raspy growl during his performance of 'Lonesome Day.'
Sting's vocal suggested he was looking to honor Bruce Springsteen by sounding like him.
The evening was part all-star concert.
The evening was part fundraiser to benefit the MusiCares Foundation.
The MusiCares Foundation is the Recording Academy's philanthropic arm.
The MusiCares Foundation provides assistance to members of the music industry.
A nuclear scientist was killed in a blast in Tehran on Wednesday morning.
An Iranian news agency reported the killing of the nuclear scientist.
The killing is the latest in a string of attacks that Iran has blamed on Israel.
A motorcyclist placed a magnetic bomb under Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan's Peugeot 405.
The state-run IRNA news agency reported the placement of the magnetic bomb.
The blast also wounded two others.
State television channel Press TV reported later Wednesday that Reza Qashqaei had died in a hospital from his injuries.
Reza Qashqaei was Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan's driver.
Mohammad Khazaee is the Iranian ambassador to the United Nations.
Mohammad Khazaee condemned what he called 'cruel, inhumane and criminal acts of terrorism against the Iranian scientists.'
Based on the existing evidence collected by the relevant Iranian security authorities, similar to previous incidents, perpetrators used the same terrorist method in assassinating Iranian nuclear scientists.
The terrorist method involved attaching a sticky magnetic bomb to the car carrying the scientists and detonating it.
Mohammad Khazaee emphasized that the Islamic Republic of Iran would not compromise over its inalienable right to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes.
Mohammad Khazaee stated that any kind of political and economic pressures or terrorist attacks targeting the Iranian nuclear scientists could not prevent the Iranian nation from exercising this right.
Lawmaker Kazem Jalali blamed the intelligence agencies of the United States and Israel for the latest attack.
Kazem Jalali stated that the United Nations' nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, also bore responsibility for passing on information about Iran's nuclear scientists to other countries.
The crowd fell back, leaving a lane down which Walter walked.
Walter was carrying the apple.
There was dead silence as Walter passed.
The people began to whisper excitedly to one another after Walter passed.
Arnold of Melchthal asked Werner Stauffacher if this should be done before their eyes.
Arnold of Melchthal questioned the usefulness of swearing an oath to rebel if they permit this.
Arnold of Melchthal suggested that they should rise and slay the tyrant.
Werner Stauffacher was a prudent man.
Werner Stauffacher scratched his chin thoughtfully.
Werner Stauffacher expressed that the difficulty is that they are not armed and the soldiers are armed.
Werner Stauffacher stated that there is nothing he would enjoy more than slaying the tyrant.
Werner Stauffacher had an idea that the tyrant would slay them.
Arnold of Melchthal groaned about their slowness.
Arnold of Melchthal believed they should have risen before.
Arnold of Melchthal lamented that this would never have happened if they had risen earlier.
Arnold of Melchthal questioned who advised them to delay.
Werner Stauffacher, who had himself advised delay, stated that he couldn't quite remember at the moment.
Werner Stauffacher suggested that Arnold of Melchthal could find out by looking up the minutes of their last meeting.
Werner Stauffacher noted that the motion to delay was carried by a majority of two votes.
Werner Stauffacher pointed out that Gessler grows impatient.
Gessler had been fidgeting on his horse for some time.
Gessler urged Tell to hurry.
Gessler cried for Tell to begin.
Tell replied immediately while fitting the arrow to the string.
Gessler began to mock Tell once more.
Gessler stated the danger of carrying arms.
Gessler expressed uncertainty if Tell had ever noticed that arrows often recoil on the man who carries them.
Gessler claimed that the only man who has any business to possess a weapon is the ruler of a country, himself.
Gessler described Tell as a low, common fellow who grows proud through being armed.
Gessler stated that a low, common fellow offends those above him.
Gessler claimed that it is no business of his.
Gessler mentioned that he likes to encourage his subjects to shoot.
Gessler stated that he is giving Tell a splendid mark to shoot at.
Argentina is subdivided into twenty-three provinces.
The singular form of 'provinces' in Spanish is 'provincia'.
Argentina has one autonomous city.
The autonomous city is Buenos Aires.
Buenos Aires is the federal capital of Argentina.
The status of Buenos Aires as the federal capital was decided by Congress.
The provinces and the capital have their own constitutions.
The provinces and the capital exist under a federal system.
During the War of Independence, the main cities and their surrounding countrysides became provinces.
The intervention of the cabildos facilitated the creation of provinces.
The Anarchy of the Year XX completed the process of shaping the original thirteen provinces.
Jujuy seceded from Salta in 1834.
The thirteen provinces became fourteen after Jujuy's secession.
Buenos Aires Province accepted the 1853 Constitution of Argentina in 1861 after a decade of secession.
The capital city of Buenos Aires Province was made a federal territory in 1880.
A law from 1862 designated national territories as those under federal control but outside the frontiers of the provinces.
In 1884, the national territories served as bases for the establishment of the governorates of Misiones, Formosa, Chaco, La Pampa, Neuqun, Ro Negro, Chubut, Santa Cruz, and Tierra del Fuego.
An agreement about a frontier dispute with Chile in 1900 created the National Territory of Los Andes.
The lands of the National Territory of Los Andes were incorporated into Jujuy, Salta, and Catamarca in 1943.
La Pampa became a province in 1951.
Chaco became a province in 1951.
Misiones became a province in 1953.
Formosa became a province in 1955.
Neuqun became a province in 1955.
Ro Negro became a province in 1955.
Chubut became a province in 1955.
Santa Cruz became a province in 1955.
The last national territory, Tierra del Fuego, became the Tierra del Fuego, Antrtida e Islas del Atlntico Sur Province in 1990.
There once was a little old lady who had no friends.
The little old lady rode her bike to and from the store.
The little old lady didn't say hello to anyone along the way.
One day, the little old lady saw a little girl crying in the street.
No one else was around to take care of the little girl.
The little old lady stopped her bike.
The little old lady asked the little girl, 'What is wrong, Dear?'
The little girl said, 'I hurt my knee when I fell down!'
The little old lady cried, 'Oh dear!'
The little old lady bent down and looked at the little girl's knee.
The little old lady said, 'It looks to me like you have a scrape.'
The little girl cried.
The little old lady said, 'Don't worry, all boo-boos hurt a little but it's the medicine that makes it go away.'
The little old lady bent down and blew on the little girl's knee.
The little old lady whispered, 'Go away, go away, no boo-boos here today!'
The little girl smiled.
The little old lady found her first friend.
Steven Spielberg was not a scholar.
Steven Spielberg's classmates teased him.
Steven Spielberg preferred running around with an 8mm camera rather than reading.
Steven Spielberg shot homemade movies.
Steven Spielberg showed homemade movies to friends for a small fee.
In his first year of high school, Steven Spielberg dropped out.
Steven Spielberg's parents persuaded him to return to high school.
Steven Spielberg was mistakenly placed in a learning-disabled class.
The learning-disabled class lasted one month.
Steven Spielberg landed in a more suitable high school after his family moved to another town.
Steven Spielberg eventually graduated from high school.
Steven Spielberg was denied entrance into a traditional filmmaking school.
Steven Spielberg enrolled in English at California State University at Long Beach.
In 1965, Steven Spielberg recalls a serendipitous moment that changed his life.
Steven Spielberg visited Universal Studios.
Steven Spielberg met Chuck Silvers, an executive in the editorial department at Universal Studios.
Chuck Silvers liked Steven Spielberg, the kid who made 8mm films.
Chuck Silvers invited Steven Spielberg back sometime to visit.
Steven Spielberg appeared the next day at Universal Studios.
Steven Spielberg was dressed in a dark suit.
Steven Spielberg was carrying his father's briefcase.
The briefcase contained nothing but a sandwich and candy bars.
Steven Spielberg walked confidently up to the guard at the gate of Universal Studios.
Steven Spielberg gave the guard a casual wave.
The guard waved back at Steven Spielberg.
Steven Spielberg was allowed to enter Universal Studios.
For the entire summer, Steven Spielberg dressed in his suit.
Steven Spielberg hung out with directors and writers, including Chuck Silvers.
Chuck Silvers knew that Steven Spielberg wasn't a studio employee.
Chuck Silvers winked at Steven Spielberg.
Steven Spielberg found an office that wasn't being used.
Steven Spielberg became a squatter in the office.
Steven Spielberg bought some plastic tiles.
Steven Spielberg put his name in the building directory as Steven Spielberg, Room 23C.
The situation paid off for everyone.
Ten years later, the 28-year-old Steven Spielberg directed Jaws.
Jaws took in $470 million.
Jaws was the biggest grossing movie of all time at that time.
Dozens of films and awards have followed for Steven Spielberg.
Steven Spielberg knew what his teachers didn't: talent is in the eyes of the filmmaker.
Most people know precious gemstones by their appearances.
An emerald flashes deep green.
A ruby seems to hold a red fire inside.
A diamond shines like a star.
It is more difficult to tell where a gemstone was mined.
A diamond from Australia may appear the same as a diamond from Arkansas.
A diamond from Australia may appear the same as a diamond from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Recently, a team of scientists has found a way to identify a gemstone's origin.
Beneath the surface of a gemstone, on the tiny level of atoms and molecules, lie clues to its origin.
At this year's meeting of the Geological Society of America in Minneapolis, Catherine McManus reported on a technique that uses lasers to clarify these clues.
Catherine McManus reported on a technique that identifies a stone's homeland.
Catherine McManus directs scientific research at Materialytics.
Materialytics is located in Killeen, Texas.
Materialytics is developing the technique.
Catherine McManus told Science News that with enough data, they could identify which country a gemstone comes from.
Catherine McManus told Science News that with enough data, they could identify which mining place a gemstone comes from.
Catherine McManus told Science News that with enough data, they could identify the individual mine a gemstone comes from.
Some gemstones, including many diamonds, come from war-torn countries.
Sales of blood minerals may encourage violent civil wars.
Violent civil wars may result in innocent people being injured or killed.
In July 2010, the U.S. government passed a law that requires companies that sell gemstones to determine the origins of their stones.
To figure out where gemstones come from, Catherine McManus and her team focus a powerful laser on a small sample of the gemstone.
The technique is called laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy.
Energy from the laser changes the state of matter of the stone.
The laser changes a miniscule part of the gemstone into plasma.
Plasma is a gas state of matter in which tiny particles called electrons separate from atoms.
The plasma, which is superhot, produces a light pattern.
The science of analyzing this kind of light pattern is called spectroscopy.
Different elements produce different light patterns.
Catherine McManus and her team say that gemstones from the same area produce similar light patterns.
Materialytics has already collected light patterns from thousands of gemstones.
Materialytics has collected more than 200 light patterns from diamonds.
Catherine McManus and her team can compare the light pattern from an unknown gemstone to patterns they do know.
Catherine McManus and her team look for a match between the light patterns.
The light pattern acts like a signature, telling the researchers the origin of the gemstone.
In a small test, the laser technique correctly identified the origins of 95 out of every 100 diamonds.
For gemstones like emeralds and rubies, the technique proved successful for 98 out of every 100 stones.
The scientists need to collect and analyze more samples before the tool is ready for commercial use.
The scientists need to collect and analyze samples from war-torn countries before the tool is ready for commercial use.
Scientists like Barbara Dutrow find the technique exciting.
Barbara Dutrow is a mineralogist from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge.
Barbara Dutrow told Science News that this is a basic new tool that could provide a better fingerprint of a material from a particular locality.
Jenny loves singing.
Jenny's baby sister is crying loudly.
Jenny can't hear herself because her baby sister is crying loudly.
Jenny was angry because she couldn't hear herself sing.
Jenny's Mom said Jenny could try to play with her baby sister.
Playing with her baby sister only made her baby sister cry louder.
Jenny tried to ask her baby sister to stop crying.
Asking her baby sister to stop crying didn't work.
Jenny was getting tired.
Jenny had an idea.
Jenny would give her baby sister one of her toy horses.
The baby loved horses.
The baby played with the horse.
The baby started crying again after playing with the horse.
This made Jenny sad.
Jenny wanted to sing.
Jenny had a great idea.
Jenny would give her baby sister a pacifier.
Giving the baby a pacifier worked.
The baby stopped crying.
Jenny started singing.
Everyone was happy.
A boy named Eduardo is thinking about a girl he loves.
Eduardo is in a far away place.
Eduardo is cold.
It is snowing where Eduardo lives.
Eduardo lives in Argentina.
It is warm where the girl lives in Hawaii.
The girl eats fresh fruit.
The girl's shower is outdoors under the warm sun.
Red birds fly around the girl.
The girl's life is nice, but she misses Eduardo.
The girl remembers that Eduardo is very pretty.
The girl wonders if Eduardo would really love her always.
The girl is older than Eduardo.
Eduardo didn't care about the age difference.
Eduardo was poor.
Eduardo could not visit the girl.
The girl thinks that maybe a time machine would help.
The girl can give back her birthdays.
The girl didn't want to bring back any dinosaurs by accident.
The girl remembers an incident with dinosaurs last time.
An angel flew down from a star called the Pleiades to help the girl.
The angel's name was Eh.
Eh told the girl to close her eyes.
Eh told the girl to remember the most happy she has ever felt.
Eh told the girl to let go of anything that feels like clouds.
Eh told the girl to imagine puppies hugging her.
Eh told the girl to imagine kitties purring with her.
Eh told the girl to imagine she is eating chocolate ice cream.
Eh said that as long as the girl remembers how to be happy, she can always be as young as Eduardo.
Eh said that the girl can think of great ways to see Eduardo again.
The girl's idea worked.
The girl had an idea about someone in a place called MR.
Someone in MR was buying stories that people wrote.
The girl wrote a story about herself and Eduardo.
The story paid for the girl's airplane ride.
The girl and Eduardo were together again.
Eduardo and the girl hugged each other in happiness.
Eduardo and the girl said thank you to everyone for helping them.
Tom had to fix some things around the house.
Tom had to fix the door.
Tom had to fix the window.
Tom had to fix the toilet before he did anything.
Tom called over his best friend Jim to help him.
Jim brought with him his friends Molly and Holly.
Tom thought that Jim was going to bring Dolly with him.
Jim did not bring Dolly with him.
The four of them got to work right away.
Fixing the toilet was easy.
Fixing the door was also easy.
Fixing the window was very hard.
The window was stuck and could not be opened.
They all pushed on the window really hard until finally it opened.
Once the window was fixed, the four of them made a delicious dinner.
The four of them talked about all of the good work that they had done.
Tom was glad that he had such good friends to help him with his work.
Telephone numbers in the United Kingdom are administered by the UK government's Office of Communications.
The UK government's Office of Communications is known as Ofcom.
Ofcom established a telephone numbering plan.
The telephone numbering plan is known as the 'National Telephone Numbering Plan'.
The National Telephone Numbering Plan is the system for assigning telephone numbers to subscriber stations.
Since 28 April 2001, almost all geographic numbers have 9 or 10 national significant numbers after the '0' trunk code.
Since 28 April 2001, most non-geographic numbers have 9 or 10 national significant numbers after the '0' trunk code.
All mobile telephone numbers have 10 national significant numbers after the '0' trunk code.
The overall structure of the UK's National Numbering Plan includes a short sample of geographic numbers.
The short sample of geographic numbers is set out in the officially approved number groups by Ofcom.
In the United Kingdom, area codes are two, three, four, or rarely five digits long after the initial zero.
Regions with shorter area codes typically include large cities.
Regions with shorter area codes permit the allocation of more telephone numbers.
The local number portion has more digits in regions with shorter area codes.
Local customer numbers are four to eight figures long.
The total number of digits in a telephone number is ten.
In a very few areas, the total number of digits may be nine digits after the initial zero.
The 'area code' is also referred to as an 'STD (code)' in the UK.
The 'area code' is also referred to as a 'dialling code' in the UK.
The characters are at Oakdale.
The old town looks natural.
Roger sees the old town looking natural.
Dave asks Roger if he sees any of the fellows.
Roger responds that he does not see any fellows yet.
Roger is the senator's son.
Roger believes they are sure to meet somebody, even if it is a school-day.
Dave asks Uncle Dunston if he can take the auto around to the hotel.
Dave knows the streets better than Uncle Dunston does.
Dave states that they have to make several turns.
Uncle Dunston agrees to let Dave take the auto.
Dunston Porter is Uncle Dunston.
Dunston Porter arises and allows Dave to crowd into the driver's seat.
The run to the town in the vicinity of Oak Hall was made without further incident.
The party talked over Mrs. Breen's affairs on the way.
Dunston Porter promised to take the matter up through his lawyer.
Dunston Porter thinks it is best that their names do not appear in the case.
Dunston Porter believes that otherwise, Mr. Haskers might not treat Dave and Phil so well during the term.
Phil grumbles that Mr. Haskers never treats them well anyway.
Phil agrees with Dunston Porter not to mention their names.
On this late winter day, the town looks rather dreary.
The young folks are in high spirits.
Dave runs the car up to one of the best hotels the place affords.
Word had been sent ahead that they were coming.
The host of the resort comes out to meet them.
The host of the resort states that they will have dinner ready inside of a quarter of an hour.
The host of the resort invites them to come in and make themselves at home.
A National Olympic Committee is a national constituent of the worldwide Olympic movement.
National Olympic Committees are subject to the controls of the International Olympic Committee.
National Olympic Committees are responsible for organizing their people's participation in the Olympic Games.
National Olympic Committees may nominate cities within their respective areas as candidates for future Olympic Games.
National Olympic Committees promote the development of athletes at a national level.
National Olympic Committees promote the training of coaches and officials at a national level within their geographies.
As of 2016, there are 206 National Olympic Committees.
The 206 National Olympic Committees include each of the 193 member states of the United Nations.
The 206 National Olympic Committees include the United Nations observer state Palestine.
The 206 National Olympic Committees include the Cook Islands.
The Cook Islands is a state in free association with New Zealand.
The capacity of the Cook Islands to participate in international organizations has been recognized by the United Nations Secretariat.
The 206 National Olympic Committees include two states with limited recognition, Kosovo and Taiwan.
Taiwan is designated as 'Chinese Taipei' by the International Olympic Committee.
There are also nine dependent territories with National Olympic Committees.
Prior to 1996, rules for recognizing separate countries within the International Olympic Committee were not as strict as those within the United Nations.
The less strict rules allowed dependent territories to field teams separately from their sovereign state.
Following an amendment to the Olympic Charter in 1996, National Olympic Committee recognition can only be granted after recognition as an independent state by the international community.
The rule does not apply retroactively.
Dependent territories which were recognized before the rule change are allowed to continue sending separate teams to the Olympics.
The Faroe Islands send their own Paralympic teams.
Macau sends its own Paralympic teams.
The narrator was standing at the top of a church not far from the narrator's home.
The narrator did not know why the narrator was at the top of the church.
Father said, 'Look down.'
The narrator tried to look down and saw the square in the center of the village.
The narrator saw the streets leading to the square.
Father said, 'See, Elsa.'
Father stated that there is more than one way to the square.
Father advised that if the narrator cannot get where the narrator wants to go by one road, the narrator should try another road.
Earlier that day, the narrator asked Mother to do something about the food served for lunch at school.
Mother did not think the food was as bad as the narrator said.
When the narrator turned to Father for help, Father brought the narrator to the church.
The next day at school, the narrator filled a bottle with the soup for lunch and took it home.
The narrator told the cook to pour the soup into a plate and bring it to Mother.
Mother drank the soup and cried out, 'What's the matter with the soup today?'
The narrator immediately told Mother what the narrator had done.
Mother said that she would take up the matter of lunches at school the next day.
Now the narrator really understood why Father had taken the narrator to the church.
The narrator began to work as a fashion designer two years ago.
The narrator would not stop working until the narrator tried every way to achieve the narrator's goal.
Jerry Muskrat was more and more sure that his big cousin, Paddy the Beaver, didn't know quite so much as he might about house-building.
Jerry Muskrat would have liked to offer some suggestions.
Jerry Muskrat didn't quite dare to offer suggestions.
Jerry Muskrat was very anxious not to displease his big cousin.
Jerry Muskrat felt that he simply had got to speak his mind to someone.
Jerry Muskrat swam across to where he had seen Peter Rabbit almost every night since Paddy the Beaver began to build.
Peter Rabbit was there.
Peter Rabbit was sitting up very straight.
Peter Rabbit was staring with big round eyes at the platform of mud and sticks out in the water.
Paddy the Beaver was at work on the platform of mud and sticks.
Jerry Muskrat asked Peter Rabbit what he thought of the construction.
Peter Rabbit asked Jerry Muskrat if it was another dam.
Jerry Muskrat threw back his head and laughed.
Peter Rabbit looked at Jerry Muskrat suspiciously.
Peter Rabbit stated that he didn't see anything to laugh at.
Jerry Muskrat replied that it was a house.
Jerry Muskrat called Peter Rabbit stupid.
Jerry Muskrat informed Peter Rabbit that it was Paddy the Beaver's new house.
Peter Rabbit retorted that he was not stupid.
Peter Rabbit questioned how he was to know that the pile of mud and sticks was meant for a house.
Peter Rabbit stated that the pile of mud and sticks certainly didn't look like a house.
Peter Rabbit asked where the door was.
Jerry Muskrat replied that he didn't think it was much of a house himself.
Jerry Muskrat stated that the house had a door.
Jerry Muskrat informed Peter Rabbit that the house had three doors.
Jerry Muskrat explained that the doors were under water.
Jerry Muskrat stated that there was a passage from each door right up through the platform of mud and sticks.
Jerry Muskrat described the platform of mud and sticks as the foundation of the house.
Jerry Muskrat claimed that the foundation was a very fine foundation.
Jerry Muskrat expressed confusion about what Paddy the Beaver was thinking by building the great pile of mud right in the middle.
Jerry Muskrat questioned where Paddy the Beaver's bedroom would be when he gets his walls built.
Jerry Muskrat stated that there wouldn't be any room at all.
Jerry Muskrat concluded that it wouldn't be a house at all, but just a big useless pile of sticks and mud.
The critical moment for Senator Ted Cruz and his allies came around 7 p.m. on Tuesday night.
The Texas Republican's suit was still crisp.
The Texas Republican's suit remained crisp despite more than four hours into a rhetorical marathon.
The rhetorical marathon lasted more than 21 hours on the Senate floor.
The aim of the rhetorical marathon was to derail Obamacare.
Until that point, the brunt of the speaking had been done by Senator Ted Cruz and his ally, Senator Mike Lee.
Senator Mike Lee is a Republican from Utah.
Without more help, Senator Mike Lee's aides weren't sure how long the effort could continue.
Senator Marco Rubio, a Republican from Florida, arrived.
The arrival of Senator Marco Rubio was a sign that they would get the bodies they needed for the long haul.
Brian Phillips is a spokesman for Senator Mike Lee.
Brian Phillips said that when Senator Marco Rubio showed up, they had a feeling that they could go until noon the next day.
Senator Mike Lee was on or near the floor all night.
Senator Rand Paul is a Republican from Kentucky.
Senator Rand Paul jumped in to help.
Senator Rand Paul held the floor for 12 hours in March.
Senator Dick Durbin is a Democrat from Illinois.
Senator Dick Durbin shouldered some speaking time while trying to refute Senator Ted Cruz's points.
The speaking time given to others allowed Senator Ted Cruz some time for mental breaks.
Senator Ted Cruz could not leave the floor to eat, use the restroom, or do anything else.
Staff pulled together binders of articles, talking points, and documents that could be used to fill time.
Aides ferried in a stream of tweets for Senator Ted Cruz to read as social networks heated up.
The big and less comfortable question was how Senator Ted Cruz managed physically.
Senator Ted Cruz wore good, pliable shoes.
Senator Ted Cruz left his trademark Ostrich boots behind.
Senator Ted Cruz told the chamber that he picked up some sneakers in preparation for the long hours of standing.
Miss Mohun came back in the dark after a long day.
Miss Mohun was quite jaded for once in her life.
Miss Mohun explained that the health-officer and the landlord had been by no means agreed.
Miss Mohun stated that nothing could be done till Sir Jasper came home.
Sir Jasper needed to decide whether to retain the house or not.
Miss Mohun was clear about one thing.
Miss Mohun telegraphed to Aden.
Miss Mohun stated that there must be no going back to Silverfold for the present.
Miss Mohun was prepared to begin lodging-hunting as soon as she received an answer.
Miss Mohun asked how Gillian had got on.
Miss Mohun thought all looked rather blank.
Valetta broke out that they hadn't been to see Fly.
Fly went out on the beach.
Mysie must not stay out after dark for fear she should cough.
Gillian gloomily stated that Mysie says they are afraid of excitement.
Miss Mohun asked if they had seen anything of the others.
Aunt Adeline said that she had seen Victoria.
Aunt Adeline said this with a meaning smile.
Miss Mohun went up to take off her things.
Gillian followed Miss Mohun.
Gillian shut the door with ominous carefulness.
Gillian was colouring all over.
Gillian stated that she ought to tell Aunt Jane a dreadful thing had happened.
Aunt Jane expressed surprise and asked what had happened.
Gillian stated that she had had a valentine.
Aunt Jane reacted with an 'Oh!' while repressing a certain inclination to laugh.
Gillian expressed horror and shame in her eyes.
Gillian stated that the valentine was from that miserable Alexis.
Gillian acknowledged that she brought it on herself.
Gillian stated that she had been so wretched and so ashamed all day.
History is full of examples of leaders joining together to meet common goals.
Rarely have two leaders worked together with such friendship and cooperation as American President Franklin Roosevelt and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.
Franklin Roosevelt was born in a wealthy family.
Winston Churchill was born in a wealthy family.
Franklin Roosevelt was active in politics for many years.
Winston Churchill was active in politics for many years.
Both Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill loved the sea.
Both Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill loved the navy.
Both Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill loved history.
Both Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill loved nature.
Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill first met when they were lower-level officials in World War One.
Neither Franklin Roosevelt nor Winston Churchill remembered much about that meeting.
As Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill worked together during the Second World War, they came to like and trust each other.
Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill exchanged more than one thousand seven hundred letters and messages during five and a half years.
Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill met many times at large national gatherings.
Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill met many times in private talks.
The closeness of the friendship between Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill might be seen best in a story told by one of Franklin Roosevelt's close advisors, Harry Hopkins.
Harry Hopkins remembered how Winston Churchill was visiting Franklin Roosevelt at the White House one day.
Franklin Roosevelt went into Winston Churchill's room in the morning to say hello.
Franklin Roosevelt was shocked to see Winston Churchill coming from the washing room with no clothes at all.
Franklin Roosevelt immediately apologized to Winston Churchill for seeing him naked.
Winston Churchill reportedly said: 'The Prime Minister of Great Britain has nothing to hide from the president of the United States.'
Both Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill laughed after the exchange.
The United States and Great Britain were only two of several nations that joined together in the war to resist Adolf Hitler and his Allies.
In January 1942, twenty-six of these nations signed an agreement promising to fight for peace, religious freedom, human rights, and justice.
The three major Allies were the most important for the war effort: the United States, Britain, and the Soviet Union.
Winston Churchill and Franklin Roosevelt disagreed about when to attack Adolf Hitler in western Europe.
Winston Churchill resisted Franklin Roosevelt's suggestions that Britain give up some of its colonies.
In general, the friendship between Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill led the United States and Britain to cooperate closely.
Buddhism is a nontheistic religion or philosophy.
The term 'Buddhism' is derived from the Sanskrit word  dharma and the Pali word  dhamma.
Buddhism encompasses a variety of traditions, beliefs, and spiritual practices.
The teachings of Buddhism are largely based on teachings attributed to Gautama Buddha.
Gautama Buddha is commonly known as the Buddha, which means 'the awakened one'.
According to Buddhist tradition, the Buddha lived and taught in the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent.
The present-day location of the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent is Nepal.
The Buddha lived sometime between the 6th and 4th centuries BCE.
Buddhists recognize the Buddha as an awakened or enlightened teacher.
The Buddha shared his insights to help sentient beings end their suffering.
The elimination of ignorance and craving is a key aspect of the Buddha's teachings.
Buddhists believe that the end of suffering is accomplished through direct understanding and perception of dependent origination.
Buddhists also believe in the Four Noble Truths.
Two major extant branches of Buddhism are generally recognized by scholars: Theravada and Mahayana.
Theravada is also known as 'The School of the Elders'.
Mahayana is also known as 'The Great Vehicle'.
Vajrayana is a body of teachings attributed to Indian siddhas.
Vajrayana may be viewed as a third branch of Buddhism or merely a part of Mahayana.
Theravada has a widespread following in Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia.
Mahayana includes the traditions of Pure Land, Zen, Nichiren Buddhism, Shingon, and Tiantai (Tendai).
Mahayana is found throughout East Asia.
Tibetan Buddhism preserves the Vajrayana teachings of eighth century India.
Tibetan Buddhism is practiced in regions surrounding the Himalayas, Mongolia, and Kalmykia.
Buddhists number between an estimated 488 million and 535 million.
Buddhism is one of the world's major religions.
It was late when Alleyne Edricson was able to seek his chamber.
Alleyne Edricson had carried Sir Nigel the goblet of spiced wine.
It was Sir Nigel's custom to drink spiced wine after the curling of his hair.
Alleyne Edricson's chamber was a stone-flagged room upon the second floor.
The chamber had a bed in a recess for Alleyne Edricson.
There were two smaller pallets on the other side of the chamber.
Aylward and Hordle John were already snoring on the smaller pallets.
Alleyne Edricson had knelt down to his evening orisons.
There came a tap at Alleyne Edricson's door.
Ford entered Alleyne Edricson's chamber with a small lamp in his hand.
Ford's face was deadly pale.
Ford's hand shook until the shadows flickered up and down the wall.
Alleyne Edricson asked Ford what was the matter.
Ford sat down on the side of the couch.
Ford rested his chin upon his hand.
Ford said he could scarce tell Alleyne Edricson what was wrong.
Ford did not know what to say or what to think.
Alleyne Edricson asked Ford if anything had befallen him.
Ford replied that he was all undone, like a fretted bow-string.
Ford asked Alleyne Edricson if he had forgotten little Tita.
Little Tita was the daughter of the old glass-stainer at Bordeaux.
Alleyne Edricson remembered little Tita well.
Ford and little Tita broke the lucky groat together before they parted.
Little Tita wore Ford's ring upon her finger.
Little Tita said to Ford, 'Caro mio, I shall be near thee in the wars, and thy danger will be my danger.'
Ford claimed that as God is his help, he saw little Tita standing before him.
Little Tita's face was in tears.
Little Tita's hands were out as though in warning.
Ford saw little Tita even as he saw Aylward and Hordle John upon their couches.
Ford felt that their very finger-tips seemed to meet.
Little Tita thinned away like a mist in the sunshine.
The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic is commonly referred to as Soviet Russia or simply as Russia.
The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic existed as a sovereign state from 1917 to 1922.
The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic was the largest, most populous, and most economically developed republic of the Soviet Union from 1922 to 1991.
The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic was a sovereign part of the Soviet Union with its own legislation from 1990 to 1991.
The Republic comprised sixteen autonomous republics.
The Republic comprised five autonomous oblasts.
The Republic comprised ten autonomous okrugs.
The Republic comprised six krais.
The Republic comprised forty oblasts.
Russians formed the largest ethnic group in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
To the west, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered Finland.
To the west, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered Norway.
To the west, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered Poland.
To the south, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered China.
To the south, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered Mongolia.
To the south, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered North Korea.
To the north, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered the Arctic Ocean.
To the east, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered the Pacific Ocean.
To the south, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered the Black Sea.
To the south, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered the Caspian Sea.
Within the USSR, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered the Baltic republics, which include Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia, to the west.
Within the USSR, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered the Byelorussian SSR to the west.
Within the USSR, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered the Ukrainian SSR to the west.
To the south, within the USSR, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered the Georgian SSR.
To the south, within the USSR, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered the Azerbaijan SSR.
To the south, within the USSR, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic bordered the Kazakh SSR.
At night, the magical chipmunks come out to play in the woods.
The magical chipmunks shower in bowls.
The magical chipmunks take pictures with their phones.
The magical chipmunks brush their teeth until they twinkle.
The magical chipmunks hide in the bushes.
The magical chipmunks play games.
There is one game that the magical chipmunks really like.
To play the game, one chipmunk puts his ear on the phone.
Another chipmunk hides in the woods with a different phone.
One chipmunk walks through the woods looking for the hiding chipmunk.
The hiding chipmunk tells 'hot' or 'cold' to the first chipmunk on the phone.
If the hiding chipmunk says 'hot', the first chipmunk is very close to finding the hiding chipmunk.
If the hiding chipmunk says 'cold', the first chipmunk is very far away.
The magical chipmunks love to be hot.
There is a twist to this game.
The magical chipmunks can change the temperature with their voice.
If the hiding chipmunk says 'cold', all the magical chipmunks become colder.
If the hiding chipmunk says 'hot', all the magical chipmunks become hotter.
The magical chipmunks love to play this game.
The magical chipmunks do not like to lose.
Iran's vital oil industry appears to be the latest front in a power struggle between President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei.
Overseas analysts say President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad appears to be losing the power struggle.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is trying to retain control of Iran's Oil Ministry.
Iran's top judicial body ruled that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad can't serve as the acting chief of the Oil Ministry.
The power struggle is the latest in a series of unusually public squabbles between President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and allies of Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei.
Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei is the Islamic republic's clerical leader.
Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei backed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad through the tumult that followed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's hotly disputed 2009 re-election.
Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei urged Iranians to accept the results of the balloting when protesters declared it a fraud.
Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei presided over a crackdown on the demonstrations.
During the crackdown, security forces were unleashed on crowds.
During the crackdown, activists were prosecuted and jailed.
Elements throughout the government have moved to check President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's efforts to replace top officials.
Elements throughout the government have gone after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's closest advisers.
Alireza Nader is a U.S. analyst.
Alireza Nader told CNN that the situation is a symptom of the general dissatisfaction with President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Alireza Nader stated that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's powers and movement are being curtailed by various power centers in Iran.
Haleh Esfandiari is the director of Middle Eastern studies at the Woodrow Wilson International Center.
Haleh Esfandiari said that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad may be left a 'lame duck' after butting heads with Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei.
Stanislas Cordova is a central figure in the narrative of 'Night Film.'
'Night Film' is the anticipated follow-up to Marisha Pessl's 2006 literary debut.
Marisha Pessl burst onto the scene in 2006 with 'Special Topics in Calamity Physics.'
Marisha Pessl received a six-figure advance for 'Special Topics in Calamity Physics.'
A six-figure advance is almost unheard of for a first-time author.
Marisha Pessl's debut novel received a ton of hype.
Marisha Pessl's debut novel faced some snarky backlash over her photogenic looks.
'Special Topics in Calamity Physics' sold some 200,000 copies.
'Special Topics in Calamity Physics' landed on The New York Times' list of Best Books of 2006.
'Night Film' is hitting bookstores this week.
'Night Film' is being released amid greater expectations and more hype than Pessl's previous work.
Chernin Entertainment has already acquired the movie rights to 'Night Film.'
Chernin Entertainment is the studio behind 'Oblivion' and 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes.'
Critics are raving about Marisha Pessl's multimedia storytelling approach in 'Night Film.'
Marisha Pessl's multimedia storytelling approach takes readers beyond the novel's pages.
The story of 'Night Film' involves a mysterious director and a washed-up reporter.
The washed-up reporter is out to expose Stanislas Cordova.
Stanislas Cordova's fictional mash-up includes elements of Stanley Kubrick, Roman Polanski, and David Lynch.
Stanislas Cordova has not been seen in public for 30 years.
Stanislas Cordova's movies are so frightening that no theater will show them.
Stanislas Cordova's cult of fans meet in abandoned buildings and underground tunnels for secret screenings.
Scott McGrath is an investigative journalist who tried to expose Stanislas Cordova years ago.
Scott McGrath's attempt to expose Stanislas Cordova backfired.
Scott McGrath's backfired attempt cost him his job, marriage, and reputation.
When Stanislas Cordova's daughter turns up dead in an apparent suicide, Scott McGrath sees an opportunity for revenge.
Scott McGrath blames Stanislas Cordova for his downfall.
Marisha Pessl weaves excerpts from magazine articles into the narrative of 'Night Film.'
Marisha Pessl includes newspaper headlines in the narrative of 'Night Film.'
Marisha Pessl incorporates police reports into the narrative of 'Night Film.'
Marisha Pessl includes crime scene photos in the narrative of 'Night Film.'
Marisha Pessl includes screen shots of online message boards in the narrative of 'Night Film.'
Marisha Pessl wrote and directed several short films featured on YouTube.
The short films on YouTube offer clues into the mystery of 'Night Film.'
The short films include snippets and trailers from Stanislas Cordova's films.
Pablo Sandoval's record-tying three home runs led the San Francisco Giants to an 8-3 victory over the Detroit Tigers in Game 1 of the World Series.
Barry Zito gave up just one run in 5 2/3 innings.
Barry Zito earned the win for the San Francisco Giants.
Barry Zito had a run-scoring single in the fourth inning.
Justin Verlander is the Tigers pitching ace.
Justin Verlander only managed to go four innings.
Justin Verlander allowed five runs on six hits.
Pablo Sandoval had 12 home runs during the regular season.
Pablo Sandoval hit a solo home run in the first inning off Justin Verlander.
Pablo Sandoval hit a two-run shot in the third inning off Justin Verlander.
Pablo Sandoval added another home run in the fifth inning off Al Alburquerque.
Pablo Sandoval has six home runs in the postseason.
Pablo Sandoval stated that in this situation you're going to face the best.
Pablo Sandoval mentioned that he just goes in there and doesn't think too much or try to do too much.
Pablo Sandoval emphasized the importance of getting a pitch you can hit and taking advantage of the mistakes made by the pitcher.
Pablo Sandoval's manager stated that Pablo Sandoval has been swinging the bat well for weeks.
Bruce Bochy is the Giants skipper.
Bruce Bochy said that Pablo Sandoval has been locked in for a while.
Bruce Bochy noted that the home runs hit by Pablo Sandoval were not easy to achieve.
Three other players have homered three times in one World Series game.
Babe Ruth did it twice.
Reggie Jackson also achieved the feat of hitting three home runs in one World Series game.
Last year, Albert Pujols, who is a St. Louis Cardinals slugger, had three home runs in Game 3.
Lady Ashleigh remarked that the habit of becoming late for breakfast is growing upon Ella's father.
Ella glanced up from a pile of correspondence.
Ella had been looking through the correspondence a little negligently.
Ella said that when her father comes, she shall tell him what Clyde says in his new play.
Clyde says that unpunctuality for breakfast and overpunctuality for dinner are two of the signs of advancing age.
Lady Ashleigh advised Ella that she shouldn't tell her father about Clyde's statement.
Ella's father hates anything that sounds like an epigram.
Lady Ashleigh noticed that Ella's father avoided any allusion to his birthday last month.
Lady Ashleigh asked Ella if there was any news.
Ella replied that there was none at all.
Ella described her correspondence as the usual sort of rubbish.
Ella's correspondence includes invitations and gossip.
Ella noted that there are a lot of invitations.
Lady Ashleigh declared that at Ella's age, that sort of correspondence should be interesting.
Ella shook her head.
Ella is a very beautiful young woman.
Ella's expression is a little more serious than her twenty-two years warrant.
Ella protested that she is not like that.
Ella has found one thing in life which interests her more than all the frivolous business of amusing oneself.
Ella stated that she shall never be happy until she has settled down to study hard.
Ella's music is the only part of life which absolutely appeals to her.
Lady Ashleigh sighed.
Lady Ashleigh murmured that it seems so unnecessary.
Since Esther was married, Ella is practically an only daughter.
Ella is quite well off.
There are many young men who want to marry Ella.
Sanskrit is a primary sacred language of Hinduism.
Sanskrit is a philosophical language in Buddhism.
Sanskrit is a philosophical language in Hinduism.
Sanskrit is a philosophical language in Sikhism.
Sanskrit is a philosophical language in Jainism.
Sanskrit is a literary language that was in use as a lingua franca in Greater India.
Sanskrit is a standardised dialect of Old Indo-Aryan.
Sanskrit originated as Vedic Sanskrit.
Sanskrit traces its linguistic ancestry back to Proto-Indo-Iranian.
Sanskrit traces its linguistic ancestry back to Proto-Indo-European.
Sanskrit is listed as one of the 22 scheduled languages of India.
Sanskrit is an official language of the state of Uttarakhand.
Sanskrit is one of the oldest Indo-European languages for which substantial written documentation exists.
Sanskrit holds a prominent position in Indo-European studies.
Over 90 weeklies, fortnightlies, and quarterlies are published in Sanskrit.
Sudharma is a daily newspaper in Sanskrit.
Sudharma has been published out of Mysore, India, since 1970.
Sanskrit Vartman Patram started in Gujarat during the last five years.
Vishwasya Vrittantam started in Gujarat during the last five years.
Since 1974, there has been a short daily news broadcast on state-run All India Radio.
The short daily news broadcasts on All India Radio are also made available on the internet on AIR's website.
Sanskrit news is broadcast on TV through the DD National channel at 6:55 AM IST.
Sanskrit news is broadcast on the internet through the DD National channel at 6:55 AM IST.
One morning, I woke up.
I went downstairs for breakfast.
I fixed my normal breakfast.
My normal breakfast consists of hot pickles, marshmallows, and ketchup.
I heat up the hot pickles on the stove.
I put the marshmallows in the toaster.
I pour out my small plate of ketchup.
The breakfast is delicious.
I eat my normal breakfast every morning.
I often drink a tall glass of lemonade with my breakfast.
I sat down at the table to eat.
I looked out the window at the birds in my yard.
Sometimes I see skunks outside.
Once I saw a small pot-bellied pig outside.
Today there were only a few flamingos in my yard.
I opened up the book I was reading.
The title of the book is 'All About Birds.'
I had finished the chapter on pigeons.
I was moving on to the chapter on robins.
While putting ketchup on my marshmallows, I felt something tickling my neck.
I looked down and saw a daddy long-legs climbing up.
I had never seen a daddy long-legs so close to my face.
I asked the daddy long-legs, 'Er, what's up?'
The daddy long-legs replied, 'Not much.'
The daddy long-legs said, 'I smelled the hot pickles, and wanted to have a taste.'
I said to the daddy long-legs, 'Sure, little guy.'
I put a small piece of pickle on my finger and held it out.
While I was doing that, the sneaky daddy long-legs ran down my arm.
The daddy long-legs grabbed the rest of my pickle.
The daddy long-legs ran out the door.
That was the last time I gave a pickle to a spider at breakfast.
Shiping Bao is the medical examiner who changed his mind on crucial aspects during his testimony at George Zimmerman's trial.
Shiping Bao has been fired from his job.
Shiping Bao is not going down without a fight.
Shiping Bao has hired a lawyer.
Shiping Bao is hinting at a lawsuit.
Shiping Bao was let go from his job as the associate medical examiner for the Volusia County, Florida, Medical Examiner's Office last week.
Officials said that Shiping Bao was let go from his job.
Authorities provided a copy of Shiping Bao's termination letter.
Authorities did not specify a reason for Shiping Bao's termination.
The termination letter states that Shiping Bao was given a choice to resign.
Shiping Bao did not resign.
Shiping Bao was terminated on Friday.
Shiping Bao's lawyer filed a complaint against Volusia County.
CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 reported that Shiping Bao's lawyer filed a complaint against the county.
The termination letter includes a formal request to preserve any and all documents and/or evidence related to Dr. Shiping Bao's claims and/or the Trayvon Martin Case.
Shiping Bao performed Trayvon Martin's autopsy after George Zimmerman shot dead the 17-year-old on February 26, 2012.
During George Zimmerman's trial, Shiping Bao's testimony stood out.
Shiping Bao changed his mind on important aspects of the case.
Shiping Bao changed his mind on how long Trayvon Martin survived after he was shot.
Shiping Bao changed his mind on whether Trayvon Martin could have moved afterward.
Shiping Bao changed his mind on if the marijuana in Trayvon Martin's system affected his judgment.
Shiping Bao's attorney, Willie E. Gary, said he plans to file a lawsuit for discrimination, job harassment, and wrongful termination.
The Miami Herald reported that Willie E. Gary plans to file a lawsuit for discrimination, job harassment, and wrongful termination.
George Zimmerman will not be charged for an alleged domestic incident.
I like to go to the park that is next to the hotel.
The park is very big.
The park has lots of ladders.
The park has slides.
My favorite thing to do at the park is to swim in the lake.
The lake is small.
There are a lot of red fish that live in the lake.
There are also some turtles at the bottom of the lake.
There are worms at the bottom of the lake.
Sometimes the red fish swim by my leg.
The swimming fish make me laugh.
The swimming fish make me feel happy.
One time I stepped on a stick.
Stepping on a stick cut my foot.
That cut hurt.
That cut made me sad.
The next time I went in the lake, I was scared that I would get another cut.
Another thing I like to do at the park is to feed the animals.
There are lots of pigs living in the park.
There are squirrels living in the park.
There are raccoons living in the park.
Sometimes I feed the animals bread.
Sometimes I feed the animals crackers.
The favorite thing for the animals to eat is ham.
After I am done at the park, I go to the store to buy some ice cream.
Sometimes I see my friend Christopher at the store.
Christopher eats his ice cream with me.
Christopher also likes feeding the animals.
Christopher's favorite animal at the park is the squirrel.
Lily parted with her lover in the garden.
Lily required her lover to attend upon her the next morning as he went to his shooting.
Lily's lover appeared on Mrs. Dale's lawn after breakfast.
Lily's lover was accompanied by Bernard and two dogs.
The men had guns in their hands.
The men were dressed with all proper sporting appurtenances.
The men did not reach the stubble-fields on the farther side of the road until after luncheon.
It may be fairly doubted whether croquet is as good as shooting when a man is in love.
Bernard Dale was not in love.
Those who accuse Bernard Dale of not being in love bring the accusation falsely.
Bernard Dale was in love with his cousin Bell according to his manner and fashion.
It was not Bernard Dale's nature to love Bell as John Eames loved Lily.
Bernard Dale's nature did not bring him into trouble like the charms of Amelia Roper brought upon the poor clerk from the Income-tax Office.
John Eames was susceptible.
Captain Dale was a man who had his feelings well under control.
Captain Dale was not one to make a fool of himself about a girl.
Captain Dale was not one to die of a broken heart.
Captain Dale would probably love his wife when he got a wife.
Captain Dale would be a careful father to his children.
Guinness World Records is a reference book published annually.
Guinness World Records was known from its inception in 1955 until 1998 as The Guinness Book of Records.
Guinness World Records was known in previous United States editions as The Guinness Book of World Records.
Guinness World Records lists world records of human achievements and the extremes of the natural world.
The book itself holds a world record as the best-selling copyrighted book of all time.
As of the 2017 edition, Guinness World Records is now in its 63rd year of publication.
Guinness World Records is published in 100 countries.
Guinness World Records is published in 23 languages.
The international franchise of Guinness World Records has extended beyond print.
The international franchise of Guinness World Records includes television series and museums.
The popularity of the Guinness World Records franchise has resulted in 'Guinness World Records' becoming the primary international authority on the cataloging and verification of world records.
The organization of Guinness World Records employs official record adjudicators.
Official record adjudicators are authorized to verify the authenticity of the setting and breaking of records.
On 10 November 1951, Sir Hugh Beaver was the managing director of the Guinness Breweries.
Sir Hugh Beaver went on a shooting party in the North Slob, by the River Slaney in County Wexford, Ireland.
After missing a shot at a golden plover, Sir Hugh Beaver became involved in an argument over which was the fastest game bird in Europe.
The argument was about the golden plover or the red grouse.
The golden plover is the fastest game bird in Europe.
That evening at Castlebridge House, Sir Hugh Beaver realized that it was impossible to confirm in reference books whether or not the golden plover was Europe's fastest game bird.
Sir Hugh Beaver knew that there must be numerous other questions debated nightly in pubs throughout Ireland and abroad.
There was no book in the world with which to settle arguments about records.
Sir Hugh Beaver realized that a book supplying the answers to this sort of question might prove successful.
Shirley Temple Black died on February 10 at age 85.
Shirley Temple Black was not just a child star.
Shirley Temple Black was THE child star.
Shirley Temple Black had a shining smile.
Shirley Temple Black helped brighten some of the darkest days the US has known during the Great Depression.
Shirley Temple Black was once known as 'America's Little Darling'.
Shirley Temple Black sang and danced her way to the top of the box office.
Shirley Temple Black starred in films such as Bright Eyes, Curly Top, and Heidi.
By 1940, Shirley Temple Black had appeared in 43 films.
Shirley Temple Black teamed with Bill Robison in four movies.
Shirley Temple Black and Bill Robison's dance on the stairs in The Little Colonel is still a legendary film moment.
In the 1930s, Shirley Temple Black's name on a movie introduction assured a packed house.
Shirley Temple Black inspired dolls, dresses, dishes, and even a drink.
US President Franklin D. Roosevelt once famously said that 'as long as our country has Shirley Temple, we will be all right.'
Unlike many of today's child stars, Shirley Temple Black did not end up with her name appearing across the headlines for bad behaviors.
Shirley Temple Black did not struggle with drugs and alcohol.
Shirley Temple Black went on to a second career in diplomacy.
Shirley Temple Black received presidential appointments as ambassador to Ghana.
Shirley Temple Black surprised many people who doubted her with her grace, knowledge, and eagerness to serve.
Shirley Temple Black's career in public service lasted 20 years.
Shirley Temple Black's career in movies lasted 19 years.
The role Shirley Temple Black valued most was as wife, mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother.
The world has lost a treasured Hollywood legend.
Shirley Temple Black's movies will allow her to continue charming audiences for a very long time.
Tuscany is a region in central Italy.
Tuscany has an area of about 23,000 square kilometers.
Tuscany has a population of about 3.8 million inhabitants as of 2013.
The regional capital of Tuscany is Florence.
Florence is also known as Firenze.
Tuscany is known for its landscapes.
Tuscany is known for its traditions.
Tuscany is known for its history.
Tuscany is known for its artistic legacy.
Tuscany is known for its influence on high culture.
Tuscany is regarded as the birthplace of the Italian Renaissance.
Tuscany has been home to many figures influential in the history of art and science.
Tuscany contains well-known museums such as the Uffizi.
Tuscany contains well-known museums such as the Pitti Palace.
Tuscany produces wines.
Tuscany produces Chianti wine.
Tuscany produces Vino Nobile di Montepulciano wine.
Tuscany produces Morellino di Scansano wine.
Tuscany produces Brunello di Montalcino wine.
Tuscany has a strong linguistic and cultural identity.
Tuscany is sometimes considered a nation within a nation.
Tuscany is traditionally a popular destination in Italy.
The main tourist destinations in Tuscany by number of tourist arrivals in 2014 were Florence, Pisa, Montecatini Terme, Castiglione della Pescaia, and Grosseto.
The village of Castiglione della Pescaia is the most visited seaside destination in Tuscany.
Seaside tourism accounts for approximately 40% of tourist arrivals in Tuscany.
Siena is an internationally renowned spot among travelers.
Lucca is an internationally renowned spot among travelers.
The Chianti region is an internationally renowned spot among travelers.
Versilia is an internationally renowned spot among travelers.
Val d'Orcia is an internationally renowned spot among travelers.
Seven Tuscan localities have been designated World Heritage Sites.
The historic centre of Florence was designated a World Heritage Site in 1982.
The Cathedral square of Pisa was designated a World Heritage Site in 1987.
The historical centre of San Gimignano was designated a World Heritage Site in 1990.
The historical centre of Siena was designated a World Heritage Site in 1995.
The historical centre of Pienza was designated a World Heritage Site in 1996.
The Val d'Orcia was designated a World Heritage Site in 2004.
The Medici Villas and Gardens were designated a World Heritage Site in 2013.
Tuscany has over 120 protected nature reserves.
Tuscany and its capital Florence are popular tourist destinations.
Tuscany attracts millions of tourists every year.
In 2012, the city of Florence was the world's 89th most visited city.
In 2012, the city of Florence had over 1.834 million tourist arrivals.
Dan was in a fine temper when Seth finally released his hold.
Dan understood that it would be useless to pursue the fugitive.
Dan turned upon his partner savagely.
Dan called Seth a nice kind of a chump.
Dan accused Seth of letting a feller burn his house down.
Dan stated that Seth paid the feller fifteen cents for burning his house down.
Dan expressed his frustration that when he decided to give the feller the dose he needed, Seth turned against him to help the feller.
Dan questioned if that was what Seth called being a chum of his.
Seth replied soothingly to Dan.
Seth stated that after Dan cooled off a bit, he would be glad that Seth didn't let him pitch into a feller who wouldn't raise his hands.
Dan claimed that the feller didn't raise his hands because he didn't dare.
Seth argued that if a feller had any spunk about him, he would dare to do all he could while somebody else was thumping him.
Seth mentioned that Jip feels bad for what he did to them.
Seth stated that Jip would stand still to let Dan pound him.
Seth claimed that it couldn't have done Dan any good.
Seth advised Dan that he didn't want to get the name of being a bruiser.
Dan expressed willingness to take almost any kind of a name rather than let Jip Collins off without so much as turning a hair on his head.
Seth suggested that Dan felt that way just then because he was off his base.
Seth predicted that after a couple of hours, Dan would talk differently.
Dan insisted that he wouldn't change his mind even if he lived to be twice as gray-headed as Methuselah.
Dan stated that it was a downright shame to let Jip go with money in his pockets after trying to kill them.
Malleville and Phonny arrived at Mary Erskine's about an hour after Beechnut left Malleville and Phonny.
Malleville and Phonny met with no special adventures by the way.
Phonny proposed to climb up the great pine-tree.
Phonny proposed to climb the great pine-tree for the purpose of examining a small bunch which he saw upon one of the branches.
Phonny thought that the small bunch was a bird's nest.
The great pine-tree marked the place at which a road branched off into the woods.
Mary Bell lost her way at the same pine-tree several years before.
Malleville was very unwilling to have Phonny climb up upon the high tree.
Phonny was very desirous to make the attempt to climb the tree.
There was a log fence at the foot of the great pine-tree.
The distance from the uppermost log of the fence to the lowermost branch of the tree was not very great.
Phonny thought that he could get up the tree without any difficulty.
Malleville was afraid to have Phonny try to climb the tree.
Malleville said that if Phonny climbed the tree, he would be acting just as foolish as the boy that Beechnut had told them about.
The boy that Beechnut had told them about nipped his own nose.
Malleville said that she should not stop to see Phonny do any such foolishness.
Malleville walked along as fast as she could go.
Phonny was rendered more determined to climb the tree by Malleville's opposition.
Phonny mounted up to the top of the fence.
Phonny reached the lower branches of the tree from the top of the fence.
Phonny succeeded in lifting himself up among the lower branches of the tree by dint of much scrambling and struggling.
Phonny climbed out to the limb where he had seen the appearances of a bird's nest.
Phonny found to his disappointment that there was no bird's nest there.
The bunch that Phonny saw was only a little tuft of twigs growing out together.
The last thoughts of a serial killer were found on blood-soaked, handwritten and often poetic notes in his Alaska jail cell after Israel Keyes took his own life.
Israel Keyes wrote, 'Speak soft in your ear so you know that it's true. You may have been free, you loved living your lie, fate had its own scheme, crushed like a bug you still die.'
Israel Keyes killed himself in December.
Israel Keyes was in custody in the killing of barista Samantha Koenig.
Samantha Koenig was 18 years old.
Samantha Koenig was abducted from a coffee stand in Anchorage, Alaska, last February.
Samantha Koenig was one of at least eight people that Israel Keyes admitted to killing.
Police have said that Israel Keyes may have taken other lives.
The FBI released Israel Keyes' notes on Wednesday after they were cleaned up at the bureau's lab in Quantico, Virginia.
The notes were found under Israel Keyes' body.
The notes were written in a combination of pencil and ink on a yellow legal pad.
The FBI stated that the notes do not confirm any of Israel Keyes' killings.
The notes do not add any new victims to Israel Keyes' grisly toll.
The notes do not offer any other clues that might help the FBI's investigation.
An analysis showed no hidden messages or code in the four pages of notes.
A read of the notes gives a glimpse into Israel Keyes' mind.
The notes apparently describe how it felt for Israel Keyes to take a life.
The notes express the disdain that Israel Keyes held for much of American society.
Israel Keyes wrote, 'I looked in your eyes, they were so dark, warm and trusting as though you had not a worry or care.'
Israel Keyes wrote, 'The more guiless (sp) the gaze the better potential to fill up those pools with your fear.'
The Princess looked up with ill-concealed eagerness as Forrest entered.
The Princess asked Forrest if he had any news.
Forrest shook his head.
Forrest answered that he had none.
Forrest stated that he was up for the day only.
Cecil will not let Forrest stay any longer.
Cecil was present the day before yesterday.
Forrest and Cecil take it by turns to come away.
The Princess asked if there was nothing to tell her.
The Princess inquired if there was no change of any sort.
Forrest answered that there was none.
Forrest stated that it is no good attempting to persuade themselves that there is any change.
The Princess asked Forrest what he was up for.
Forrest laughed hardly.
Forrest compared himself to a diver who has to come to the surface every now and then for fresh air.
Forrest described life down at Salthouse as very nearly the acme of stagnation.
Forrest stated that their only excitement day by day is the danger and the hope.
The Princess asked if Cecil was getting braver.
Forrest answered that he thinks Cecil is getting braver a little.
The Princess nodded.
The Princess mentioned that they met Cecil at the Bellamy Smiths'.
The Princess described the meeting as quite a reunion.
Andrew was present at the reunion.
The Duke was also present at the reunion.
Forrest's face darkened.
Forrest muttered that someone is a meddling fool.
Forrest informed the Princess that there are two detectives now in Salthouse.
The detectives come and go and ask all manner of questions.
One of the detectives pretends that he believes Engleton was drowned.
One of the detectives walks always on the beach.
One of the detectives hires boatmen to explore the creeks.
The other detective sits in the inn.
The other detective bribes the servants with drinks to talk.
Forrest suggested not to talk about this any longer.
Forrest asked how Jeanne is.
It is 8:15 on a Sunday morning.
The officer's name is Tidwell.
Tidwell said that this sort of thing seems an unlikely adventure at such a time.
Tidwell asked the man to explain.
The man was astonished at the voice from behind.
The man turned about and spoke to Tidwell.
The man said that he knows what Tidwell is thinking, but it isn't true.
The man described the situation as a very funny mistake.
Tidwell thinks that the man has just left a house in a manner rather than the usual one.
Tidwell stated that this may be quite all right, but he would like to make sure.
Tidwell took out his notebook and a pen.
Tidwell requested the man's name, address, and occupation.
Tidwell asked the man to tell his story.
The man's name is Charlie Crane.
Charlie Crane is a lorry driver.
Charlie Crane is from Nottingham.
Charlie Crane's address is 51 Brecon Street.
Charlie Crane explained that he had a breakdown yesterday.
Charlie Crane had to stay the night at the house.
The landlady's name is Mrs. Fern.
Mrs. Fern gave Charlie Crane breakfast at seven.
Charlie Crane was out of the house in the right way and down at the lorry park by half past seven.
Charlie Crane realized he had left $80 under the pillow.
Charlie Crane has a habit of leaving money under the pillow.
Charlie Crane does this almost every day.
Tidwell asked why Charlie Crane did not miss the money when he meant to pay Mrs. Fern.
Charlie Crane stated that he paid Mrs. Fern last night.
Charlie Crane explained that he had to pay when he took the room.
Charlie Crane came rushing back to the house.
Charlie Crane noted that it was Sunday, and Mrs. Fern had gone back to bed.
Charlie Crane rang the bell and banged on the front door for ten minutes before coming around to Tidwell.
Charlie Crane went up the pipe and found the money was still there.
Charlie Crane hoped Tidwell would believe his story.
Mrs. Fern asked Charlie Crane what he was doing there.
Mrs. Fern thought Charlie Crane had gone an hour ago.
Bobby yelled that knights can't fly.
Bobby stated that only wizards like Bobby can fly.
Bobby mentioned that maybe witches can also fly.
Frank said that knights can fly.
Frank claimed that knights are the most powerful.
Frank asserted that Bobby cannot stop him from flying.
Bobby responded that if Frank can fly, then Bobby can fight with a sword.
Bobby stated that it is only fair for him to fight with a sword.
Frank insisted that knights cannot fly.
Frank claimed that knights are not strong enough to pick up a sword.
Frank stated that knights cannot even pick up a knife.
Frank accused Bobby of being crazy.
Frank pointed his finger at Bobby.
Frank ran at Bobby with a sword made out of cardboard.
Bobby jumped out of the way as quickly as he could.
Bobby pointed a finger at Frank and said 'FREEZE!'
Frank stopped in place.
Frank complained that Bobby cannot use the freeze spell.
Frank asked how he can fight Bobby if he cannot move.
Frank stated that he is going to tell mom.
Bobby claimed that he can use any spell he wants.
Bobby listed the spells he can use: Freeze, Trap, and Fly.
Bobby asserted that he can do any of the spells.
Bobby stated that he is also telling mom that Frank thinks he can fly.
Bobby called Frank a stupid knight with no brains.
Bobby claimed that he has all the brains.
Bobby crossed his arms over his chest.
Bobby stomped a foot on the ground.
Frank demanded that Bobby take back his statement.
Frank claimed that he is the smartest knight.
Frank stated that he will get Bobby any day.
Frank pulled Bobby to the ground.
Frank demanded that Bobby take it back.
Mom asked what all the noise was.
Frank yelled that Bobby called him stupid.
Bobby cried that Frank is trying to fly.
Mom laughed at the situation.
The sun was rising in the morning.
The birds were waking up.
A mother bird was watching over her baby eggs in the nest.
The mother bird laid four eggs yesterday.
Some of the eggs were white.
Some of the eggs were spotted.
The mother bird had been keeping the eggs warm.
The mother bird wanted her babies to soon be born.
Little cracks appeared on the eggs.
The eggs started to grow.
Little 'cheeping' sounds could be heard coming from inside the eggs.
Soon the eggs cracked open.
Featherless baby birds were inside the eggs.
The featherless baby birds were crying for food.
The mother bird had nothing to give to the featherless baby birds.
The mother bird quickly flew to the ground.
The mother bird looked in the dirt for food.
The mother bird saw some worms wiggling in the ground.
The mother bird picked a few worms up with her beak.
The mother bird flew the worms up to the nest.
The babies were well fed with the worms.
The mother bird kept the babies warm in the cold spring morning.
Mr. Bird came home to find his new babies.
Mr. Bird and the mother bird had a happy family.
Chapter Nine is titled 'A Storm Brewing--It Bursts, and Produces Consequences--The Party Take to the Water Per Force--All Saved.'
Frank sat on a rock watching the blacksmith and his two Indians while they performed the operation of skinning the bear.
The timely destruction of the bear has been related in the last chapter.
Frank quoted the saying 'a friend in need is a friend indeed.'
Frank commented on how well Bryan stood his ground against the bear.
Frank asked Bryan if the bear's kisses were sweet.
Frank asked Bryan if the bear's kisses reminded him of the fair maid of Derry.
Bryan replied affirmatively to Frank's question.
Bryan stepped to a rock to whet his knife.
Bryan expressed gratitude to Frank for saving him a lot of trouble.
Bryan cursed the bear.
Bryan stated that it would have taken three or four rounds to finish the bear off neatly.
Bryan mentioned that there was no end of fat on the bear's ribs that would have kept the knife from going far in.
Frank laughed at Bryan's perspective on the situation.
Frank questioned Bryan if he really thought he would have killed the bear if Frank had not intervened.
Bryan asserted that a man is better than a beast any day.
Bryan mentioned that he had a friend ready to help him.
Bryan cast a comical leer at La Roche.
La Roche felt embarrassed because he believed his conduct in the affair was not praiseworthy.
La Roche slid rapidly to the bottom of the tree after reflecting on the situation.
La Roche ran to assist Bryan.
La Roche arrived just as the bear fell, which meant he was not in time to render assistance.
Yemen's information minister escaped an assassination attempt unharmed on Tuesday.
The information minister's office manager provided this information.
The information minister is Ali al-Amrani.
Ali al-Amrani was headed to the prime minister's office when the attack occurred.
Abdul Basit al-Qaedi is the spokesman for Ali al-Amrani.
At least 10 bullets were shot in the direction of the vehicle that Ali al-Amrani was getting into.
Three bullets hit the back window and trunk of the car.
Witnesses reported that there were at least two gunmen.
Ali al-Amrani was not hurt in the attack.
The minister's office stated that Ali al-Amrani has been targeted recently in a hate campaign by pro-revolution groups.
A number of factions in Yemen started a hate campaign against Ali al-Amrani.
Threats were given to Ali al-Amrani in the past.
Yemen's Interior Ministry is investigating the attack.
There are no prime suspects in the investigation.
Last week, Ali al-Amrani received a death threat from an anonymous caller.
The anonymous caller used a Saudi telephone number.
Ali al-Amrani recently launched a massive presidential campaign to support candidate Abdurabu Hadi.
Abdurabu Hadi is the current vice president of Yemen.
Ali al-Amrani stated that Yemen is facing a critical time for change.
Ali al-Amrani urged all Yemenis to stand together to support Abdurabu Hadi.
Yemen has been beset with demonstrations against President Ali Abdullah Saleh since early last year.
Pro-democratic uprisings spread across the Arab world last year.
Demonstrators have continued their protests against President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
The protests continued despite a power transfer deal that leads to President Ali Abdullah Saleh's departure.
Under the power transfer plan, President Ali Abdullah Saleh will step down after the February 21 elections.
President Ali Abdullah Saleh will receive immunity under the plan forged by the Gulf Cooperation Council.
President Ali Abdullah Saleh has been in office for 33 years.
Tammy Meyers and Erich Nowsch were neighbors.
The homes of Tammy Meyers and Erich Nowsch are within walking distance from each other.
The homes of Tammy Meyers and Erich Nowsch are within walking distance from a park.
According to Robert Meyers, Tammy Meyers used to talk to Erich Nowsch in the park.
Tammy Meyers implored Erich Nowsch to act like an adult.
On Thursday, Erich Nowsch was arrested.
Erich Nowsch is accused of killing Tammy Meyers.
The incident involving the killing of Tammy Meyers has been described as a road rage incident.
The road rage incident ended a week ago with a shooting in front of Tammy Meyers' home.
Robert Meyers told reporters after the arrest that he knew Erich Nowsch.
Robert Meyers stated that he could not tell reporters this information before the arrest.
Robert Meyers said that Erich Nowsch knew where he lived.
Robert Meyers stated that he and Tammy Meyers knew how bad Erich Nowsch was.
Robert Meyers expressed that they did not know it was this bad.
Robert Meyers mentioned that Erich Nowsch had gotten to this point with his friends.
Erich Nowsch, who is 19 years old, faces three felony charges.
The felony charges against Erich Nowsch are murder, attempted murder, and unlawful discharge of a gun from a vehicle.
A court hearing has been scheduled for Monday morning.
Robert Meyers said that Tammy Meyers tried to help Erich Nowsch.
Robert Meyers stated that Tammy Meyers spent countless hours at the park consoling Erich Nowsch.
Robert Meyers described Tammy Meyers as being really good to Erich Nowsch.
Tammy Meyers fed Erich Nowsch.
Tammy Meyers gave Erich Nowsch money.
Tammy Meyers told Erich Nowsch to pull his pants up and to be a man.
Robert Meyers claimed that Tammy Meyers told Erich Nowsch to be a man more times than he could count.
Police are looking for at least one more suspect in the case.
Police believe that Erich Nowsch was the shooter.
Homicide Captain Chris Tomaino told reporters that Erich Nowsch owned registered firearms.
Homicide Captain Chris Tomaino would not say how many guns Erich Nowsch owned or what type of weapons they were.
It was unclear on Thursday night whether Erich Nowsch had an attorney.
Court documents detailing the charges against Erich Nowsch did not list a lawyer.
Ernie Casillas can peg the downward spiral of his life to November 6, 2008, at 9:06 a.m.
Ernie Casillas was fired from his job as a mortgage broker on November 6, 2008.
Barack Obama had just been elected president as Ernie Casillas was leaving the work force.
Nearly four years later, Barack Obama was seeking reelection.
Ernie Casillas has finally landed his first full-time job.
Ernie Casillas emerged out of the group known as the long-term unemployed.
The Labor Department's July employment figures showed the average duration of unemployment shrank from 39.9 weeks in June to 38.8 weeks in July.
The percentage of people who are unemployed long-term shrank from 41.9% in June to 40.7% in July.
Ernie Casillas says his life is evidence that the economy is beginning to turn around.
The road to Ernie Casillas's new job was painful, heartbreaking, and financially devastating.
Ernie Casillas remembers his life before November 2008.
Ernie Casillas wore expensive suits before November 2008.
Ernie Casillas drove a Mercedes before November 2008.
Ernie Casillas spent every cent of his paycheck before November 2008.
When Ernie Casillas was laid off, he thought he would be back at work in two weeks.
Ernie Casillas was wrong about returning to work in two weeks.
The subprime mortgage crisis was eating away at the U.S. economy.
Employers were shedding jobs, not adding them during the subprime mortgage crisis.
Ernie Casillas was a few credits shy of his associate degree.
Ernie Casillas found himself overqualified for many jobs but underqualified for higher-paid middle-class jobs.
Ernie Casillas remembers being told he was overqualified.
Ernie Casillas felt that his life was going down the drain.
Ernie Casillas lost his house.
Ernie Casillas lost his Mercedes.
Ernie Casillas's wife left him.
In his 40s, Ernie Casillas was forced to move in with his mother.
A year after Ernie Casillas lost his job, he began selling everything he owned on Craigslist.
Sports Illustrated is an American sports media franchise.
Sports Illustrated is owned by Time Inc.
The self-titled magazine of Sports Illustrated has over 3 million subscribers.
The self-titled magazine of Sports Illustrated is read by 23 million people each week.
Over 18 million men read the self-titled magazine of Sports Illustrated each week.
Sports Illustrated was the first magazine with circulation over one million to win the National Magazine Award for General Excellence twice.
The swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated has been published since 1964.
The swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated is now an annual publishing event.
The swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated generates its own television shows.
The swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated generates its own videos.
The swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated generates its own calendars.
There were two magazines named 'Sports Illustrated' before the current magazine began.
The current magazine of Sports Illustrated began on August 16, 1954.
Stuart Scheftel created the first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine in 1936.
The target market for the first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine was the sportsman.
Stuart Scheftel published the first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine from 1936 to 1938 on a monthly basis.
The first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine was a life magazine size.
The first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine focused on golf, tennis, and skiing.
The first 'Sports Illustrated' magazine included articles on the major sports.
Stuart Scheftel sold the name 'Sports Illustrated' to Dell Publications.
Dell Publications released a version of 'Sports Illustrated' in 1949.
The version of 'Sports Illustrated' released by Dell Publications lasted 6 issues before closing.
Dell's version of 'Sports Illustrated' focused on major sports such as baseball, basketball, and boxing.
Dell's version of 'Sports Illustrated' competed on magazine racks against 'Sport' and other monthly sports magazines.
During the 1940s, sports magazines were published monthly.
The monthly sports magazines during the 1940s did not cover current events because of the production schedules.
There was no large-base, general, weekly sports magazine with a national following on actual active events during the 1940s.
Henry Luce was the patriarch of Time.
Henry Luce began considering whether his company should attempt to fill the gap in the sports magazine market.
Many believed sports was beneath the attention of serious journalism at the time.
Many did not think sports news could fill a weekly magazine, especially during the winter.
A number of advisers to Henry Luce, including Ernest Havemann of 'Life' magazine, tried to kill the idea of a sports magazine.
Henry Luce, who was not a sports fan, decided the time was right for a sports magazine.
Scott Alan woke up very early that morning in his bedroom.
Scott Alan was in his house.
Scott Alan felt something licking his face.
Scott Alan wasn't sure what it was.
Scott Alan opened his green eyes slowly.
Scott Alan saw a bit of fur.
Scott Alan then saw a tongue.
Scott Alan saw some more fur.
Scott Alan was licked again.
Scott Alan said, 'Oh, Boscoe!' with joy.
Scott Alan kissed his furry little brown dog.
Boscoe was Scott Alan's friend for as long as Scott Alan could remember.
Scott Alan and Boscoe went on many adventures together.
Scott Alan and Boscoe never left each other's side.
Scott Alan woke up many times this way.
One of the most memorable adventures that Scott Alan and Boscoe had happened when Scott Alan was 12.
Scott Alan wanted to have a little fun.
Scott Alan also wanted to adventure with Boscoe.
Scott Alan had just finished eating breakfast.
Scott Alan wanted to ride his bicycle.
Boscoe was walking.
Scott Alan was riding his bicycle down by the park.
The park was very close to the river near Scott Alan's house.
Scott Alan wanted to do a little adventuring.
Boscoe was walking next to the shore.
Boscoe started barking his head off.
Scott Alan wasn't sure what Boscoe was barking at.
Scott Alan got off his bicycle.
Scott Alan ran down into the river to see what all the noise was about.
All of a sudden, Boscoe fell in the water.
Boscoe was taken downstream with the fast water.
Scott Alan yelled, 'Boscoe!'
Scott Alan jumped into the water.
Scott Alan began swimming after Boscoe.
Boscoe's little legs were doggy paddling as fast as they could.
Boscoe had no hope of getting back to the side of the river.
Scott Alan finally caught up to Boscoe.
Scott Alan couldn't get back to the side of the river.
Scott Alan was thinking this was the last of him and Boscoe.
A large stick from a fallen log was well in reach.
Scott Alan grabbed the large stick.
Scott Alan used all of his might.
Scott Alan pulled himself and Boscoe out of the river.
Scott Alan yelled out loud, 'Boy, was that close!'
That was the best adventure ever.
Living in a foreign culture can be exciting.
Living in a foreign culture can also be confusing.
A group of Americans who taught English in other countries recently discussed their experiences.
The group of Americans decided that miscommunications were always possible.
Miscommunications can occur even over something as simple as 'yes' and 'no'.
On her first day in Micronesia, Lisa thought people weren't paying any attention to her.
The day was hot.
Lisa went into a store and asked, 'Do you have cold drinks?'
The woman in the store didn't say anything.
Lisa repeated the question.
Still, the woman said nothing.
Lisa later learned that the woman had answered her.
The woman had raised her eyebrows.
In Micronesia, raising eyebrows means 'yes'.
Jan remembered an experience she had in Bulgaria.
Bulgaria is a country in Europe.
Jan went to a restaurant that was known for its cabbage.
Jan asked the waiter, 'Do you have cabbage today?'
The waiter nodded his head.
Jan waited, but the cabbage never came.
In Bulgaria, a nod means 'no'.
Tom had a similar problem when he arrived in India.
After explaining something in class, Tom asked his students if they understood.
The students answered with many different nods and shakes of the head.
Tom thought some students had not understood.
Tom explained again.
When Tom asked again, the students did the same thing.
Tom soon found out that his students did understand.
In India, people nod and shake their heads in different ways depending on where they come from.
You have to know where a person is from to understand whether they mean 'yes' or 'no'.
Once upon a time, there was a cute brown puppy.
The cute brown puppy was a very happy puppy.
The name of the cute brown puppy was Rudy.
Rudy had a best friend.
The name of Rudy's best friend was Thomas.
Thomas had a nice dad.
The name of Thomas's dad was Rick.
Thomas and Rudy had been friends for almost a year.
Rudy and Thomas loved to play in the big back yard.
Sometimes, Thomas would ask his friend Jacob to come to the back yard and play with them.
Jacob would always bring his puppy too.
Jacob's puppy was named Sally.
Thomas and Jacob would run around the back yard.
Rudy and Sally chased Thomas and Jacob and barked.
They all had so much fun playing together.
One day, Thomas told Rudy that tomorrow would be a very special day.
Tomorrow would be Rudy's birthday.
Rudy was very excited.
The next day came.
Thomas threw a birthday party for Rudy.
All of Rudy's friends were at the birthday party.
Rudy's friends had presents for him.
Jacob brought Rudy a new ball.
Sally brought Rudy a bone.
There was one more present for Rudy to open.
When Rudy opened the gift from Thomas, Rudy was so excited that he jumped and barked.
The gift from Thomas was a new red collar with a shiny name tag on it.
The new red collar with a shiny name tag was the best gift Rudy had ever been given.
There are 18 days until the Oscars.
People are starting to place bets on who will win Oscars this year.
The Academy has proven itself to be predictable over the years.
If a person is America's Sweetheart, that person will probably win Best Actress.
If a person sings in a film, that person is almost guaranteed to win an Oscar.
The winners for Best Actress and Best Actor tend to be the person who has taken on a based-on-a-true-story role.
In the 2000s, 10 of the 20 top honors were given to actors who portrayed real people.
Sandra Bullock won Best Actress last year.
Sandra Bullock won Best Actress just days after taking home a Razzie.
Sandra Bullock played Leigh Anne Tuohy in the film.
Leigh Anne Tuohy was a Southern mom who took in Michael Oher.
Leigh Anne Tuohy helped coach Michael Oher toward football greatness.
The real Leigh Anne Tuohy was in the theater to see Sandra Bullock accept her award.
Sean Penn won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 2008.
Sean Penn won the Academy Award for Best Actor for playing Harvey Milk.
Harvey Milk was the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California.
Marion Cotillard won the Oscar for Best Actress in 2007.
Marion Cotillard won the Oscar for Best Actress for her role in 'La Vie En Rose.'
In 'La Vie En Rose,' Marion Cotillard played Edith Piaf.
Edith Piaf was an extremely popular singer in France.
Edith Piaf was known for her out-of-control social life.
Marion Cotillard won for playing the Britney Spears of 1950s France.
Robin Williams was smart, successful, funny, and handsome.
Robin Williams seemed to have it all.
Robin Williams is dead.
Robin Williams' death was apparently by his own choice.
The joy, spontaneity, and humor of Robin Williams likely masked the daily torment he endured.
Robin Williams struggled with depression in an on-again-off-again manner.
Robin Williams made people laugh, but he was in pain.
The author knows the pain that Robin Williams experienced.
In the death of Robin Williams, we have lost one of the most talented and creative spirits on the planet.
The death of Robin Williams by suicide should be a wake-up call for everyone.
The death of Robin Williams serves as a reminder that many people smile on the outside while suffering on the inside.
The author did not know Robin Williams personally.
The author is unable to speak with certainty about why Robin Williams chose to end his life.
The author has experienced torment and pain similar to that of Robin Williams.
The author struggled with depression for years.
The author still struggles with depression on many days.
Those who are suffering will do just about anything to avoid feeling pain.
In moments of suffering, people's brains can become their worst enemies.
It often takes an outside force to provide light during dark moments.
An outside force can help ensure that dark thoughts are not the last thoughts.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, suicide rates increased from 2000 to 2011.
In 2000, the suicide rate was 10.4 deaths per 100,000.
In 2011, the suicide rate increased to 12.3 deaths per 100,000.
The rate of suicide is higher and rising among men.
In 2011, 78.5% of suicides were committed by men.
The suicide rate among men in 2011 was 20.2 deaths per 100,000.
Yorkshire is formally known as the County of York.
Yorkshire is a historic county of Northern England.
Yorkshire is the largest county in the United Kingdom.
Due to its great size in comparison to other English counties, functions have been undertaken over time by the subdivisions of Yorkshire.
The subdivisions of Yorkshire have been subject to periodic reform.
Yorkshire has continued to be recognised as a geographical territory.
Yorkshire has continued to be recognised as a cultural region.
The name Yorkshire is familiar and well understood across the United Kingdom.
The name Yorkshire is in common use in the media.
The name Yorkshire is in common use in the military.
The name Yorkshire features in the titles of current areas of civil administration such as North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire, and East Riding of Yorkshire.
Within the borders of the historic county of Yorkshire are areas that are widely considered to be among the greenest in England.
The vast stretches of unspoilt countryside in the Yorkshire Dales contribute to the green reputation of Yorkshire.
The vast stretches of unspoilt countryside in the North York Moors contribute to the green reputation of Yorkshire.
The open aspect of some of the major cities contributes to the green reputation of Yorkshire.
Yorkshire has sometimes been nicknamed 'God's Own County'.
Yorkshire has sometimes been nicknamed 'God's Own Country'.
The emblem of Yorkshire is the White Rose of the English royal House of York.
The most commonly used flag representative of Yorkshire is the White Rose on a blue background.
The flag of Yorkshire was recognised by the Flag Institute on 29 July 2008 after nearly fifty years of use.
Yorkshire Day is held annually on 1 August.
Yorkshire Day is a celebration of the general culture of Yorkshire.
Yorkshire Day celebrates the history of Yorkshire.
Yorkshire Day celebrates the dialect of Yorkshire.
There once was an elephant named Ellie.
Ellie really liked to eat peanuts.
Ellie lived with a circus.
Ellie performed with clowns.
One day, Ellie was really hungry.
Ellie could not find any peanuts.
Ellie asked the lion, 'Do you have any peanuts?'
The lion said, 'Sorry, I don't like peanuts, but the squirrel may have some.'
Ellie went looking for the squirrel.
Along the way, Ellie saw a little girl.
The little girl was crying.
Ellie asked the little girl, 'Why are you crying?'
The little girl, Ava, said, 'I lost my parents!'
The elephant, Ellie, put Ava on her back.
Ellie said, 'I can help you look for them.'
Ellie and Ava looked high and low for Ava's parents.
Ellie made a loud sound with her nose.
Ava's parents came to see what the sound was.
Ava's parents were so happy to find Ava.
Ellie was also happy to find Ava.
Ellie's stomach began to growl.
Ava heard Ellie's stomach growl.
Ava dug into her parents' bag.
Ava brought out a bag of peanuts.
Ellie ate the peanuts.
Everyone lived happily ever after.
The Rover family goes to the park for a wonderful picnic.
The Rovers are a family of dogs.
Mommy Rover packs a lunch.
The lunch includes lots of doggie treats.
The doggie treats include dog bones and chew sticks.
Daddy Rover brings the dog toys.
The dog toys include an old Frisbee and a shoe.
The shoe can be used for some fun activities.
The puppies are named Paulie and Lucky.
It is a bright sunny day at the dog park.
Lots of other doggie families are also at the park.
The other doggie families are enjoying the nice weather.
The Rovers see their friends, the Fidos.
The Rovers invite the Fidos to join them for lunch.
The two families eat together.
The two families play together.
Afterwards, it is nap time for the puppies.
The adult dogs clean up the leftover food.
The adult dogs pack the extra food in doggie bags.
The adult dogs pack their baskets.
The adult dogs head home.
The day was a lot of fun for all the dogs.
Next week, the Rovers plan to go to the beach.
The Rovers might invite the Fidos to join them again.
Linda was kind of late.
Linda was 25 years old.
Linda had a lot to do at work.
Linda had visitors on the way.
Linda's parents were coming in for Thanksgiving from her hometown.
As Linda hurried down the subway stairs, she started to feel uncomfortably warm.
By the time Linda got to the platform, she felt weak and tired.
Linda thought it hadn't been a good idea to give blood the night before.
Linda rested herself against a post close to the tracks.
Frank was 43 years old.
Frank had a girlfriend named Jennifer.
Frank and Jennifer found a spot close to where the front of the train would stop.
Frank and Jennifer were deep in discussion about a house they were thinking of buying.
Frank heard a scream.
Someone yelled, 'Oh, my God, she fell in!'
Frank didn't hesitate.
Frank jumped down to the tracks.
Frank ran some 40 feet toward the body lying on the rails.
Jennifer screamed, 'No! Not you!' after Frank.
Jennifer was right to be alarmed.
By the time Frank reached Linda, he could feel the tracks shaking.
Frank could see the light coming from the train.
The train was about 20 seconds from the station.
It was hard for Frank to lift Linda.
Linda was just out.
Frank managed to raise Linda the four feet to the platform.
Bystanders could hold Linda by the arms and drag her away from the edge.
Linda briefly regained consciousness.
Linda felt herself being pulled along the ground.
Linda saw someone else holding her purse.
Linda thought she had been robbed.
A woman held Linda's hand.
A man gave his shirt to help stop the blood pouring from Linda's head.
Linda tried to talk but she couldn't.
Linda realized how much pain she was in.
Police and fire officials soon arrived.
Frank told the story to a police officer.
Jennifer said her boyfriend was calm on their 40-minute train ride downtown.
Jennifer said Frank had been calm just as he had been seconds after the rescue.
Jennifer thought about her reaction at the time.
Jennifer saw the train coming and was thinking Frank was going to die.
The man labeled the most powerful vice president in American history remains resolute in his steadfast defense of his time in the White House.
A new documentary begins airing on Friday.
Dick Cheney is the man labeled the most powerful vice president in American history.
Dick Cheney says, 'I did what I did. It's all on the public record, and I feel very good about it. If I had to do it over again, I'd do it in a minute.'
The documentary is titled 'The World According to Dick Cheney.'
The documentary debuts at 9 p.m. ET on Showtime.
The two-hour documentary tells the story of Dick Cheney's life through his own comments.
The documentary is supplemented by a narrator and interviews with journalists, biographers, former aides, and Donald Rumsfeld.
Donald Rumsfeld is the former secretary of Defense and a longtime friend and mentor of Dick Cheney.
The film covers Dick Cheney's unprecedented and controversial role as vice president.
The first half of the film explores the surprising tale of Dick Cheney's rise from a two-time Yale dropout.
Dick Cheney had two drunk-driving arrests.
Dick Cheney became the man who once stood behind the leader of the free world.
The documentary 'The World According to Dick Cheney' is produced by R.J. Cutler.
R.J. Cutler is also known for 'The War Room' and 'The September Issue.'
In the documentary, Dick Cheney gets personal but maintains his ever-steady, matter-of-fact tone.
Dick Cheney stated coolly, 'When you came in at night after work, you'd go to the bar and down large quantities of Coors beer.'
Dick Cheney refers to the two times he was arrested for drinking and driving in his home state of Wyoming.
Details about Dick Cheney's post-White House life are noticeably absent from the documentary.
Dick Cheney is 72 years old.
Dick Cheney gives little to no insight about his heart transplant last year.
Dick Cheney gives little to no insight about his decision to support same-sex marriage.
Mary Cheney is Dick Cheney's younger daughter.
Mary Cheney wed her longtime partner Heather Poe in June.
Plymouth is a city on the south coast of Devon, England.
Plymouth is located about 37 miles (60 km) south-west of Exeter.
Plymouth is located 190 miles (310 km) west-south-west of London.
Plymouth is situated between the mouths of the rivers Plym to the east and Tamar to the west.
The rivers Plym and Tamar join Plymouth Sound to form the boundary with Cornwall.
Plymouth's early history extends to the Bronze Age.
A first settlement emerged at Mount Batten during the Bronze Age.
The settlement at Mount Batten continued as a trading post for the Roman Empire.
The settlement at Mount Batten was surpassed by the more prosperous village of Sutton.
The village of Sutton is now called Plymouth.
In 1620, the Pilgrim Fathers departed Plymouth for the New World.
The Pilgrim Fathers established Plymouth Colony.
Plymouth Colony was the second English settlement in what is now the United States of America.
During the English Civil War, the town of Plymouth was held by the Parliamentarians.
The town of Plymouth was besieged between 1642 and 1646.
Throughout the Industrial Revolution, Plymouth grew as a commercial shipping port.
Plymouth handled imports and passengers from the Americas.
Plymouth exported local minerals such as tin, copper, lime, china clay, and arsenic.
The neighbouring town of Devonport became a strategic Royal Naval shipbuilding and dockyard town.
In 1914, three neighbouring independent towns were merged to form a single County Borough.
The three neighbouring independent towns were the county borough of Plymouth, the county borough of Devonport, and the urban district of East Stonehouse.
The combined town took the name of Plymouth.
Plymouth achieved city status in 1928.
The city's naval importance later led to its targeting during World War II.
The targeting of Plymouth during World War II resulted in partial destruction, an act known as the Plymouth Blitz.
After World War II, the city centre of Plymouth was completely rebuilt.
Subsequent expansion led to the incorporation of Plympton and Plymstock along with other outlying suburbs in 1967.
Christine Wilford plans to do something remarkable on Thursday.
The remarkable action that Christine Wilford plans to do is drop her child off at school.
The last time Christine Wilford's 7-year-old son, Richie, was in class was on December 14.
On December 14, a gunman smashed his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut.
The gunman killed 26 children and adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
As shots rang out, Richie's teacher locked the door.
Richie's teacher huddled her students into the corner.
The shooter roamed the hallways while wielding an AR-15 assault rifle and firing.
When it appeared safe, the children were hurried away to a nearby fire station.
At the nearby fire station, teary parents either reunited with their sons and daughters or learned that their children had been killed.
Nearly a month later, Christine Wilford said her son still has trouble sleeping.
Richie is often scared by loud noises.
On Thursday, Richie will join hundreds of other Newtown students returning to class for the first time since the tragedy.
Christine Wilford thinks it is good that Richie is going back to school.
Christine Wilford feels that if she leaves her child anywhere, she is leaving a piece of her heart.
Christine Wilford finds it difficult to leave Richie.
Richie apparently isn't afraid and says he is looking forward to seeing his friends.
Richie and his friends will not be attending Sandy Hook Elementary.
Sandy Hook Elementary remains part of an ongoing investigation into Adam Lanza.
Adam Lanza was the gunman who killed his mother before opening fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
A boy named Pedro was walking down the street one day.
Pedro met a pretty girl in a pink dress.
The pretty girl handed Pedro a bell.
The bell was made of metal.
The bell looked worn and old.
The pretty girl said that the bell gave her her wish for a pink dress.
The pretty girl said that in order to keep her wish, she had to give the bell to someone else.
The pretty girl instructed Pedro to ring the bell three times to get his wish.
The pretty girl specified not to ring the bell two times, not four times, but three times.
The pretty girl said that when Pedro's wish arrived, he should give the bell to someone else.
Pedro thanked the pretty girl for the bell.
When the pretty girl had gone, Pedro rang the bell three times.
Pedro wished for a puppy.
Soon after, Pedro saw a puppy on a street corner.
The puppy was black with brown and white spots.
Pedro picked the puppy up.
Pedro hugged the puppy.
Then Pedro saw his friend Alice.
Pedro gave the bell to Alice.
Alice rang the bell.
Alice wished for a pretty bird.
Soon a pretty bird landed on Alice's shoulder.
Alice thought the bell was a wonderful thing.
Alice chose to keep the bell, rather than give it away.
The next day when Alice woke up, her bird had flown away.
Jack wanted to do something fun during his day off from school.
Mackenzie wanted to do something fun during her day off from school.
Jack and Mackenzie knew that the library had story time on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Jack and Mackenzie's mother told them they could go to the library every Tuesday for their story time.
Jack and Mackenzie packed up the car.
Jack and Mackenzie drove to the library.
Jack and Mackenzie were ready for a fun morning.
When Jack and Mackenzie arrived at the story room, there were lots of other children their age.
The other children were all sitting cross-legged and ready for the story of the day.
The teacher told Jack and Mackenzie they would be reading 'The Wild Horse'.
The teacher began to tell the story of Majestic, the wild horse who could not be calmed.
Majestic was a wild horse.
Majestic's people had tried to break him.
Majestic was wild at heart.
Every time Majestic was taken to the river to drink, he would run straight into the water.
Majestic would get soaking wet.
Majestic would splash and play until he was ready to go back home.
Majestic would sleep for hours after playing.
Majestic had worn himself out playing.
Once there was a white horse named Bob.
Bob lived in a house with his best friend.
Bob's best friend was a cat named Shelly.
Shelly loved to play baseball.
Bob and Shelly would go to the park.
Bob and Shelly played baseball with Lucy.
Lucy was a lamb who lived next door.
It was Friday morning.
Bob and Shelly were in the park waiting for Lucy.
Lucy was late.
When Lucy finally showed up, she had forgotten the ball.
Bob asked, 'What can we use for a ball?'
Bob and Shelly looked around.
There were rocks, but the rocks were too hard.
There could get mud out of the pond, but the mud would be too soft and splat when they hit it with the wooden bat.
Bob, being the tallest, saw that in a pile of plants there were melons growing.
Bob suggested, 'Let's use a melon.'
Shelly, the practical one, said, 'That's stupid.'
Lucy said, 'No, hear him out.'
Lucy suggested, 'It might work.'
Bob insisted, 'It'll work.'
Bob picked a melon and handed it to Shelly.
Bob told Shelly, 'You pitch.'
Shelly expressed concern, 'This is going to end badly, I'm afraid.'
Shelly threw the melon at Bob who stood over home plate.
Bob said, 'I know what I'm doing.'
Bob swung the bat as hard as he could.
When the bat hit the melon, the melon splatted into a million pieces.
Sticky pieces rained down on Bob, Shelly, Lucy, and a wedding party that had been setting up nearby.
Bob said, 'Oops.'
Link Merwell went down again.
Dave looked at Nat Poole.
Dave thought that Nat Poole might possibly attack him.
Nat Poole was too scared to do anything.
Nat Poole backed away to a safe distance.
Nat Poole cried, 'Don--don't you dare to hit me, Porter!' in a trembling voice.
Nat Poole warned Dave not to hit him.
Nat Poole threatened to tell Doctor Clay if Dave hit him.
Dave replied that he would not lay his fingers on Nat Poole if Nat Poole behaved himself.
Dave stated that Link Merwell brought the situation on himself.
Dave expressed concern that Link Merwell was pretty badly hurt.
Dave assured Nat Poole that Link Merwell would come around all right.
Dave advised Nat Poole to see to it that Link Merwell gets to the Hall safely.
Nat Poole asked Dave if he was going to leave him.
Dave confirmed that he wanted to find Henshaw and the others.
Nat Poole wanted to argue with Dave.
Nat Poole did not dare to argue with Dave.
Dave waited until Link Merwell sat up and opened his eyes.
Dave leaped on the ice-boat.
Dave flung off the three skates he found on the ice-boat.
Link Merwell mumbled, 'Going away?' when he could speak.
Dave confirmed that he was going away.
Dave warned Link Merwell to keep a civil tongue in his head.
Dave trimmed the sail of the ice-boat.
Dave shoved the craft around.
Dave started for the river.
Dave was a good deal 'worked up.'
Dave did not deem it wise to let his enemies see that he was worked up.
To be called a 'poorhouse rat' had stung Dave to the quick.
When touched on the subject of being called a 'poorhouse rat,' Dave found his temper as ungovernable as ever.
The characters canvassed the subject of their future travels with considerable earnestness.
Uncle John was bent upon getting to Rome and Venice.
Uncle John wanted to travel from Rome and Venice to Paris.
The nieces were willing to go anywhere Uncle John preferred.
The nieces were sure to enjoy every day of their trip in the old world.
Mr. Watson urged the characters strongly to visit Syracuse.
The characters were not likely to return to Sicily again.
Syracuse was the most famous of all the ancient historic capitals.
Syracuse was only a few hours' journey from Taormina.
It was finally decided to pass a week in Syracuse before returning to the continent.
Preparations were at once begun for their departure.
Kenneth pleaded for one more day to finish his picture of Etna.
Kenneth was allowed one more day to finish his picture of Etna.
Uncle John confessed to being uneasy as long as the characters remained on the scene of his recent exciting experiences.
Mr. Watson advised all the characters not to stray far from the hotel.
There was no certainty that Il Duca would not make another attempt to entrap the characters.
There was no certainty that Il Duca would not seek revenge for the characters' escape from his clutches.
On the afternoon of the next day, the characters were startled by a call from the Duke in person.
The Duke was dressed in his usual faded velvet costume.
The Duke came to the characters leading by the hand a beautiful little girl.
The nieces gazed at the child in astonishment.
Tato wore a gray cloth gown that was ill-fitting and made of coarse material.
No costume could destroy the fairy-like perfection of Tato's form.
No costume could destroy the daintiness of Tato's exquisite features.
Tato stood modestly before the characters with downcast eyes and a troubled expression.
Patsy caught Tato rapturously in her arms.
Patsy covered Tato's face with kisses.
Senator Marco Rubio said he will make a decision on running for president in the next few weeks.
Marco Rubio feels confident that he could obtain the resources to credibly run a campaign and win.
Marco Rubio's confidence comes despite an increasingly crowded GOP field taking shape.
Marco Rubio participated in a wide-ranging interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer.
Marco Rubio gave his thoughts on Republican efforts to defund the president's executive action on immigration.
Marco Rubio further explained why he won't support the administration's new Cuba policy.
Marco Rubio released a new book titled 'American Dreams' on Tuesday.
Marco Rubio is still deciding whether he thinks he can be more effective as president or as a senator under the new majority.
Marco Rubio has already said he won't run for both offices in 2016.
Marco Rubio stated that radicalized individuals are a very real threat to the West.
Marco Rubio mentioned that power players Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush are now considered likely contenders.
Marco Rubio said Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush are both credible and well-funded candidates.
Marco Rubio argued there would still be room for his campaign if he decides to plow forward.
Marco Rubio expressed confidence that if he decides to run for president, he will have the funding and resources necessary to credibly run a campaign and win.
Marco Rubio acknowledged that the longer he waits, the harder it becomes to secure resources for a campaign.
Mitt Romney has told donors that he is considering a 2016 bid.
Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney have already been active in talking with big-money supporters and securing financial resources.
The actions of Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney make it strategically more difficult for other potential contenders like Marco Rubio to lock down support from the GOP's donor class.
The Japanese coast guard has rescued a British woman on a solo round-the-world trip.
The British woman's boat was damaged when it rolled several times during a tropical storm.
The British woman's team said the rescue occurred on Friday.
Sarah Outen is the British woman who was rescued by the coast guard in rough seas on Friday afternoon.
The London2London team wrote about Sarah Outen's rescue on its website.
Sarah Outen is now making her way back to Japan.
The team is awaiting final confirmation of details of Sarah Outen's arrival in Japan.
The team will provide more information once they have further details.
A nearby merchant vessel kept watch on Sarah Outen until the rescue ship arrived.
A coast guard plane also kept watch on Sarah Outen until the rescue ship arrived.
Sarah Outen is known for traveling around the world on two boats and a bike.
A small amount of water had gotten into the cabin of Sarah Outen's boat, Gulliver.
Sarah Outen was bearing up well and demonstrating strength and resolve.
Sarah Outen's strength and resolve have brought her a huge distance on her journey so far.
Sarah Outen asked for pancakes, cold orange juice, and grapes for her first meal after arriving in Japan.
A second solo British rower is about 280 miles northeast of Sarah Outen's position.
The second solo British rower is also awaiting rescue.
Charlie Martell is the second solo British rower who departed Japan last month.
Charlie Martell is on a quest to row 6,000 miles across the Pacific.
Sarah Outen managed to send updates on Twitter while waiting for rescue.
Sarah Outen wrote on Twitter, 'Trying hard2 smile and breathe calm keep getting interuptd by waves throwing us over.'
Toronto is the most populous city in Canada.
Toronto is the provincial capital of Ontario.
Toronto had a population in 2016 of 2,731,571.
Toronto is the fourth most populous city in North America after Mexico City, New York City, and Los Angeles.
Toronto is the centre of the Greater Toronto Area (GTA).
The Greater Toronto Area (GTA) is the most populous metropolitan area in Canada.
Toronto anchors the Golden Horseshoe.
The Golden Horseshoe is an urbanized region that is home to 9.2 million people.
9.2 million people represent over 26% of the population of Canada.
Toronto is a global city.
Toronto is an international centre of business, finance, arts, and culture.
Toronto is located in Southern Ontario.
Toronto is located on the northwestern shore of Lake Ontario.
Toronto is located on a broad sloping plateau interspersed with rivers, deep ravines, and urban forest.
Indigenous peoples have travelled through and inhabited the area of Toronto for more than 10,000 years.
The Mississaugas surrendered the area of Toronto to the British Crown after the broadly disputed Toronto Purchase.
The British established the town of York in 1793.
York was later designated as the capital of Upper Canada.
During the War of 1812, the town of York was the site of the Battle of York.
The town of York suffered heavy damage by U.S. troops during the War of 1812.
York was renamed and incorporated as the city of Toronto in 1834.
Toronto became the capital of the province of Ontario during Canadian Confederation in 1867.
The city proper of Toronto has expanded past its original borders through both annexation and amalgamation.
The Italian National Institute of Statistics is the main producer of official statistics in Italy.
The Italian National Institute of Statistics is also known as Istituto Nazionale di Statistica.
Istituto Nazionale di Statistica is abbreviated as Istat.
The activities of the Italian National Institute of Statistics include the census of population.
The activities of the Italian National Institute of Statistics include economic censuses.
The activities of the Italian National Institute of Statistics include a number of social surveys.
The activities of the Italian National Institute of Statistics include economic surveys.
The activities of the Italian National Institute of Statistics include environmental surveys and analyses.
Istat is by far the largest producer of statistical information in Italy.
Istat is an active member of the European Statistical System.
The European Statistical System is coordinated by Eurostat.
The publications of Istat are released under creative commons 'Attribution' (CC BY) license.
Istat was created in 1926 as 'Central Institute of Statistics'.
The 'Central Institute of Statistics' is known in Italian as Istituto Centrale di Statistica.
Istat was created to collect and organize essential data about the nation.
Istat took its current denomination with the reform of 1989.
The reform of 1989 gave Istat statutory responsibility for the coordination and standardization of official statistics.
The official statistics are collected or published under the aegis of the national statistical system SISTAN.
The membership of SISTAN includes the statistical offices of ministries.
The membership of SISTAN includes national agencies.
The membership of SISTAN includes regions.
The membership of SISTAN includes provinces.
The membership of SISTAN includes communes.
The membership of SISTAN includes chambers of commerce.
The membership of SISTAN includes similar bodies.
Since 4 August 2009, Enrico Giovannini has been the President of the Italian National Institute of Statistics.
Enrico Giovannini was the former Chief statistician of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
Istat has 18 regional offices.
The regional offices of Istat host public access points named 'Centri di informazione statistica'.
'Centri di informazione statistica' translates to Statistical information centers.
The center in Rome offers data from Eurostat.
David and Lucy waited in their mom's truck.
David and Lucy were going to the circus to see the clowns.
David and Lucy's mom had to take their little brother back into the house to get more diapers.
David and Lucy's mom had to take their little brother back into the house to go to the bathroom.
David was worried because David did not want to miss the wolf clown.
Lucy watched her little brother rub his chin.
Lucy asked her little brother, 'Why are you looking out the window?'
Lucy said, 'Mom needs to hurry. We might miss the clowns.'
Lucy said, 'I am going to get out of the truck and draw triangles in the sand.'
David cried, 'No! You might make us miss it.'
Before Lucy could get out of the truck, Lucy saw her mom and little brother walk out of the house.
David and Lucy's mom got in the truck.
David and Lucy's mom asked, 'Okay kids are we ready to go?'
David and Lucy yelled, 'Yes!'
When David and Lucy got to the circus, David and Lucy saw all the clowns.
David and Lucy's little brother was too young to go into the tent.
David and Lucy's mom stayed with their little brother.
The show ended and David and Lucy walked to the truck.
David asked Lucy, 'What do you have there?'
Lucy said, 'It is a bag I found in the tent.'
David said, 'We have to return that Lucy.'
David and Lucy's mom said, 'Why? It has cool stuff in it. I found it.'
David and Lucy's mom said, 'It is not ours.'
Lucy frowned as David and Lucy walked to the lost and found and gave the bag back.
Then David, Lucy, and their mom all went home.
When David, Lucy, and their mom were washing up to go to bed, Lucy said, 'I fear some of those clowns. The wolf one was scary.'
David said, 'Lucy, I can save you. The wolf clown was a person in make-up.'
With that, David and Lucy shut off the bathroom light and went to bed.
A great day was had by David, Lucy, and their mom.
Jack and James were good friends.
One day, Jack and James were walking through the desert.
During the journey, Jack and James had a big fight.
Jack hit James in the face.
James felt hurt.
James did not say anything after being hit.
Instead, James wrote in the sand: 'Today my best friend hit me in the face.'
Jack and James kept on walking until they found an oasis.
Jack and James decided to get some water at the oasis.
Suddenly, James had trouble in the water.
James fell into the mire and was in danger.
Jack saved James at once.
When James felt okay, he wrote on a stone: 'Today my best friend saved my life.'
Jack asked James, 'After I hurt you, you wrote in the sand, and now you wrote on the stone. Why?'
James explained that when someone hurts us, we should write it down in the sand.
James stated that the wind of forgiveness can blow away what is written in the sand.
James said that when someone does anything good for us, we must write it down on the stone.
James emphasized that no wind can blow away what is written on the stone.
Since that time, Jack and James have never fought with each other again.
Hatred can bring nothing but unhappiness.
If a person does not forgive others, that person is making trouble for themselves.
A person should keep a peaceful heart all the time.
A person should remember to be always thankful to those who have helped them.
There was once a group of kittens who all liked to play together.
The names of the kittens were Fluffy, Snowball, Cookie Monster, and Larry.
Fluffy was the leader of the group.
Whatever Fluffy said, the other kittens did.
One day, Fluffy said, 'Hey, everybody, let's go chase some mice.'
Everyone except Larry said 'Yes!'
Larry did not want to chase mice.
Larry wanted to drink some milk.
Larry told Fluffy that he wanted to drink some milk.
Fluffy only said 'too bad.'
So everyone except Larry went off to chase mice.
The next day, Fluffy said, 'Hey, everybody, let's go annoy the dogs.'
Everyone except Larry said 'Yes.'
Larry thought it was a bad idea.
Larry told Fluffy that he thought it was a bad idea.
Fluffy only said, 'Too bad.'
So everyone except Larry went off to annoy the dogs.
When the kittens annoyed the dogs, the dogs became very angry.
The dogs started growling.
The dogs caught the kittens in their paws.
The kittens yelled, 'Help us!'
Larry heard the kittens yelling for help.
Larry ran over and hissed at the dogs.
The dogs could not see Larry, only his shadow.
Larry's shadow looked very big.
The dogs got scared and ran away.
The kittens cheered.
The kittens said, 'Yay Larry! We'll do anything you want!'
There once was a girl named Erin.
Erin had a really close friend named Kevin.
Erin and Kevin really liked being with each other.
It was difficult for Erin and Kevin to be together because Erin lived in England.
Kevin lived in the United States.
Erin and Kevin both liked traveling.
Erin wanted to see Kevin.
Erin planned a trip to see Kevin in the United States one summer.
Erin and Kevin had planned to travel around where Kevin lived.
Erin and Kevin planned to go to see New York City at one point.
Erin and Kevin wanted to see the sights in New York City.
Erin and Kevin wanted to have a really nice steak dinner together.
Once Erin arrived, she met Kevin at the airport.
Erin ran up to Kevin and jumped into his arms.
Erin gave Kevin a great big hug.
Erin and Kevin drove home.
Kevin helped Erin organize her things.
Erin and Kevin changed and watched a movie together.
The next day, Erin and Kevin went out to have breakfast at the diner.
Erin and Kevin thought about getting eggs, French toast, or cereal.
Erin and Kevin couldn't make up their minds about breakfast.
Finally, Kevin asked the worker to bring out pancakes for the two of them to share.
Erin and Kevin had a really fun time together.
Erin and Kevin visited the beach.
Erin and Kevin watched movies together.
Erin and Kevin visited New York City like they had planned.
In the morning, Erin and Kevin went to see the Empire State Building.
In the afternoon, Erin and Kevin saw the Statue of Liberty.
In the afternoon, Erin and Kevin saw Central Park.
At night, Erin and Kevin went to have their dinner.
Erin and Kevin went back to their hotel.
As Erin's trip was ending, Erin became really sad about leaving Kevin.
Erin and Kevin talked and came up with a plan for the months ahead.
The plan made Erin feel a lot better.
Erin then went home.
Erin waited for Kevin to come to see her.
One sunny day, Lisa went to the park to play.
One sunny day, Jane went to the park to play.
Lisa was eating her sandwich.
Lisa saw Jane swinging with Josh.
Josh and Jane have been friends for 3 years.
Josh and Jane love to play together with Lisa.
Lisa made a sandwich for Jane.
Lisa made a sandwich for Josh.
Lisa called Jane over to eat.
Lisa called Josh over to eat.
Josh grabbed one sandwich and took a bite.
Jane didn't eat her sandwich.
Jane only ate the chips.
Lisa asked if Jane and Josh wanted to go play on the slide.
Jane wanted to go play on the slide.
Josh wanted to go play on the slide.
Josh went down the slide first.
Jane was scared because the slide was too high up.
Josh told Jane that if Lisa can go down the slide, she can too.
Lisa went down the slide with no problem.
Jane went up the slide and closed her eyes.
When Jane opened her eyes, she was at the bottom of the slide.
Jane had gone down the slide.
Lisa and Josh were cheering for Jane.
Jane was very happy that she went down the slide.
Since Jane went down the slide, everyone had a cupcake.
Art film stills are often overlooked.
The photographers of film stills tend to be anonymous.
It is easy to imagine the work of photographers being done by the director or cinematographer.
The images of film stills are often lumped in with the promotional machinery.
The promotional machinery documents the stars frolicking on set.
The promotional machinery documents the stars getting down to business.
The promotional machinery is just another form of salesmanship.
The work of Ernst Haas is striking.
Ernst Haas was one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers.
Ernst Haas was an early member of the Magnum Photos cooperative.
Ernst Haas was famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a Museum of Modern Art exhibit in 1962.
Ernst Haas was a regular on movie sets.
Working on film sets was a necessity in the early days, according to John Jacob.
John Jacob is the editor of a new book of Ernst Haas' movie photography titled 'Ernst Haas: On Set.'
Working on film sets was really important to Magnum.
All of the photographers working with Magnum in the '50s did films.
The work on film sets paid off financially for the photographers.
The photographers established relationships with members of the industry.
The stars and directors knew what they were getting from photographers like Ernst Haas.
Photographers such as Ernst Haas were entrusted to bring their talent and style to the work.
The photographers are definitely producing work for posterity.
The work produced by photographers has their own fingerprint on it.
The distinction of Ernst Haas' work is obvious from looking at it.
Some of Ernst Haas' work is as famous as the movies he worked on.
Powell was again the first to throw the hammer.
The hammer went two feet beyond Powell's first mark.
Tom said, 'Good for you, Songbird!'
Tom wished that Powell had made it a yard.
Jackson came up with a scowling face.
Jackson did his best in the contest.
Jackson fell behind Powell by four inches this time.
The youth who composed songs laughed and said, 'You ought to have stuck to the other hammer, Jackson.'
Jackson whispered fiercely, 'Don't you throw that up to me!'
Jackson threatened, 'If you do I'll hammer you for it.'
Tom asked, 'Is that meant for a pun, Jackson?'
Jackson replied, 'No, it ain't. I won't stand being slurred.'
Jackson stated, 'I'll pound you good.'
Tom asked, 'With the hammer?'
Jackson replied, 'No, with my fists.'
Tom responded, 'Really? Well, you'll have to spell able first.'
Tom came next to throw the hammer, as before.
The hammer flew out four feet and nine inches beyond Tom's first mark.
Major Larry said, 'That shows what the other hammer can do.'
Larson was as much out of sorts as Jackson.
Larson resolved to do his best to win the contest.
Larson swung the hammer with a mighty swing.
The hammer circled through the air.
Larson's throw was behind Tom's by fourteen inches.
'Hurrah! Tom Rover wins!' was the cry.
Many rushed forward to congratulate Tom Rover.
Larson and Jackson retired quickly and in great disgust.
The next contest was a dash of two hundred yards.
A boy named Bird won the dash contest.
Tom sang out, 'He's a bird!'
The crowd laughed heartily at Tom's comment.
Mervyn made his appearance in a vehement hurry at the end of a week.
Cecily's next sister is an officer's wife.
Cecily's next sister was coming home with two little children for a farewell visit before going to the Cape.
Maria and Bertha must make way for Cecily's next sister.
Mervyn wanted to take Phoebe home that afternoon to get the Underwood ready for Cecily's next sister and her children.
Phoebe expressed that she was not nearly ready to go.
Mervyn exclaimed with something of his old temper about Phoebe's readiness.
Phoebe stated that the house has been in such a state.
Mervyn questioned if Phoebe was needed to nurse the sick man.
Mervyn thought Phoebe was someone who could be trusted.
Mervyn asked what more there was to do.
Phoebe looked at her list of commissions.
Phoebe found herself convicted regarding her tasks.
The patterns ought to have been sent back two days since.
Phoebe reflected on what she had been doing.
Phoebe had been listening to Mr. Randolf's explanations of the Hiawatha scenery.
Phoebe had not written a note about the hideous hearth-rug.
Mr. Randolf was looking over Stowe's Survey of London.
Methodical Phoebe felt herself in disgrace.
Phoebe wanted a reprieve from exile at Hiltonbury.
Phoebe felt alone and away from all that was going on.
Phoebe wanted to hear whether Macbeth at the Princess's Theatre fulfilled Mr. Randolf's conceptions of it.
Phoebe wanted to know if Mr. Currie approved his grand map of the Newcastle district.
Phoebe had taught Mr. Currie to draw little trees.
The Board Meeting had come to an end.
Bob started to stand up.
Bob knocked into the table.
Bob spilled his coffee over his notes.
Bob expressed embarrassment by saying, 'How embarrassing! I am getting so clumsy in my old age.'
Everyone had a good laugh.
Everyone started telling stories of their most embarrassing moments.
It came around to Frank.
Frank sat quietly listening to the others.
Someone encouraged Frank to tell his most embarrassing moment.
Frank laughed.
Frank began to tell a story about his childhood.
Frank grew up in San Pedro.
Frank's Dad was a fisherman.
Frank's Dad loved the sea.
Frank's Dad had his own boat.
It was hard for Frank's Dad to make a living on the sea.
Frank's Dad worked hard.
Frank's Dad would stay out until he caught enough to feed the family.
Frank's Dad caught enough to feed not just his family, but also his Mom and Dad and the other kids that were still at home.
Frank wished that everyone could have met his Dad.
Frank's Dad was a big man.
Frank's Dad was strong from pulling the nets and fighting the seas for his catch.
When someone got close to Frank's Dad, he smelled like the ocean.
Frank's Dad would wear his old canvas foul-weather coat.
Frank's Dad would wear his bibbed overalls.
Frank's Dad's rain hat would be pulled down over his brow.
No matter how much Frank's mother washed Frank's Dad's clothes, they would still smell of the sea and of fish.
Frank's voice dropped a bit when he spoke about his Dad.
When the weather was bad, Frank's Dad would drive Frank to school.
Frank's Dad had an old truck that he used in his fishing business.
Frank's Dad's truck was older than he was.
Frank's Dad's truck would wheeze and rattle down the road.
People could hear Frank's Dad's truck coming for blocks.
As Frank's Dad would drive toward the school, Frank would shrink down into the seat hoping to disappear.
Half the time, Frank's Dad would slam to a stop and the old truck would belch a cloud of smoke.
Frank's Dad would pull right up in front of the school.
It seemed like everybody would be standing around and watching.
Frank's Dad would lean over and give Frank a big kiss on the cheek.
Frank's Dad would tell Frank to be a good boy.
It was embarrassing for Frank.
Frank was twelve years old.
Frank's Dad would lean over and kiss Frank goodbye.
Frank remembered the day he decided he was too old for a goodbye kiss.
When Frank and his Dad got to the school and came to a stop, Frank's Dad had his usual big smile.
Frank's Dad started to lean toward Frank.
Frank put his hand up and said, 'No, Dad.'
It was the first time Frank had ever talked to his Dad that way.
Frank's Dad had a surprised look on his face.
Frank said, 'Dad, I'm too old for a goodbye kiss. I'm too old for any kind of kiss.'
Frank's Dad looked at Frank for the longest time.
Frank's Dad's eyes started to tear up.
Frank's Dad turned and looked out of the windshield.
Frank's Dad said, 'You're right. You are a big boy...a man. I won't kiss you anymore.'
Frank got a funny look on his face.
Tears began to well up in Frank's eyes as he spoke.
Frank said it wasn't long after that when his Dad went to sea and never came back.
It was a day when most of the fleet stayed in, but not Frank's Dad.
Frank's Dad had a big family to feed.
They found Frank's Dad's boat adrift with its nets half in and half out.
Frank's Dad must have gotten into a strong wind and was trying to save the nets and the floats.
I looked at Frank and saw that tears were running down his cheeks.
Frank spoke again.
Frank expressed a desire to have his Dad give him just one more kiss on the cheek.
Frank wanted to feel his Dad's rough old face.
Frank wanted to smell the ocean on his Dad.
Frank wanted to feel his Dad's arm around his neck.
Frank said that if he had been a man, he would never have told his Dad he was too old for a goodbye kiss.
Registration can be done in person.
Registration can be done by phone at 264-8833.
Registration can be done by mail.
A form is provided for registration.
The address for registration is 178 IN Winchester St., Chicago.
Basic Photography is an eight-hour course for beginners.
The Basic Photography course teaches how to use a 35mm camera.
The teacher will cover kinds of film, light, and lenses in the Basic Photography course.
Students must bring their own 35mm camera to the Basic Photography class.
The course charge for Basic Photography is $50.
The Basic Photography course is scheduled for Jan. 10, 12, 17, 19 on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 6:00-8:00 pm.
Marianne Adams is a professional photographer.
Marianne Adams's photographs appear in many magazines.
Understanding Computers is a twelve-hour course for people who do not know much about computers.
The Understanding Computers course teaches what computers are, what they can and can't do, and how to use them.
The course charge for Understanding Computers is $75.
The equipment charge for Understanding Computers is $10.
The Understanding Computers course is scheduled for Jan. 14, 21, 28 on Saturdays from 7:00-10:30 pm.
Joseph Saimders is a Professor of Computer Science at New Urban University.
Joseph Saimders has over twelve years of experience in the computer field.
The Stop Smoking course is designed for individuals who want to stop smoking.
The Stop Smoking course is for individuals who have tried to stop smoking and failed.
The Stop Smoking course uses the latest methods to help individuals stop smoking.
The Stop Smoking course is twelve hours long.
The course charge for Stop Smoking is $30.
The Stop Smoking course is scheduled for Jan. 4, 11, 18, 25 on Wednesdays from 4:00-7:00 pm.
Dr. John Goode is a practicing psychologist.
Dr. John Goode has helped hundreds of people stop smoking.
The Typing course is for individuals who want to learn to type.
The Typing course is for individuals who want to improve their typing skills.
Students are tested in the first class of the Typing course.
Students practice at one of eight different skill levels in the Typing course.
The Typing course allows students to learn at their own speed.
Each Typing program lasts 20 hours.
Students must bring their own paper to the Typing course.
The course charge for Typing is $125.
The material charge for Typing is $25.
The Typing course is two hours each evening for two weeks.
New Typing classes begin every two weeks.
The Typing course is taught by a number of business education teachers.
The business education teachers have successfully taught typing courses before.
The Oil Painting course teaches the basics of oil paint.
Students will learn to draw and paint using many oil painting techniques in the Oil Painting course.
The Oil Painting course provides complete guidance and instruction.
The course charge for Oil Painting is $35.
The Oil Painting course is scheduled for Jan. 5, 12, 19, 26 on Thursdays from 2:00-5:00 pm.
Ralf Ericssion has taught beginners to masters in oil painting.
Ralf Ericssion has learned that everything builds on just a few basic concepts.
The Singing course teaches how to deliver an accomplished vocal performance on stage and in the studio.
The Singing course helps develop vocal talents with professional warm-up routines.
The Singing course teaches vocal techniques to gain confidence in performance.
Students will learn to perform classic songs in the Singing course.
Students will explore their own songwriting ideas with a tutor in the Singing course.
Students will have the chance to record in a professional studio in the Singing course.
Singing tuition may be in groups or one-to-one.
The Singing course includes Choral singing, Gospel singing, Folk singing, and many other styles of song.
All styles of song are welcome in the Singing course.
No previous experience is required for the Singing course.
The course charge for Singing is $90.
The Singing course is scheduled for Jan. 10, 12, 17, 19 on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 5:30-8:30 pm.
Peter Syrus is a Grammy award-winning tutor.
Janet Jackson is opening up for the first time about a duet with her brother.
Janet Jackson is reviving the duet two years after her brother's death.
Janet Jackson took to the stage in London on Thursday.
Janet Jackson performed their 1995 song Scream.
Video of Michael Jackson played during the performance.
The voice of Michael Jackson filled Royal Albert Hall.
The reworked duet follows in the footsteps of jazz pianist and singer Nat King Cole.
Nat King Cole had a daughter named Natalie Cole.
In 1991, Natalie Cole turned her father's famous 1961 recording 'Unforgettable' into a father-daughter duet.
Janet Jackson said she did the original duet at the request of her brother years ago.
Janet Jackson was on the Rhythm Nation tour when Michael Jackson asked her to do a song with him.
Janet Jackson told Michael Jackson no when he asked her to do a song with him.
Janet Jackson felt she hadn't come into her own and hadn't fully made a name for herself at that time.
Janet Jackson didn't want to ride anyone's coattails.
Janet Jackson remembers being in the Janet Tour a few good years later.
Michael Jackson asked Janet Jackson again if she would do a song with him.
Janet Jackson felt that at that point, she had carved her own little niche in the world of music.
Janet Jackson felt okay to do the duet with Michael Jackson at that point.
Janet Jackson said that performing the song alongside her brother again isn't difficult.
Janet Jackson feels great just listening to and hearing Michael Jackson's voice.
Janet Jackson finds herself remembering the experience of recording the song on stage.
One day Mary took a walk to the park.
The park was very close to Marys house.
On her way to the park, Mary passed her friend Kim's house.
Mary stopped by Kim's house.
Mary asked Kim if Kim wanted to play.
Kim said yes.
Mary and Kim walked together to the park.
John's house was three houses down from Kim's house.
Mary and Kim stopped by John's house.
Mary and Kim asked John if John wanted to play at the park.
John said no.
John was afraid of being chased by a squirrel.
Mary worried that John didn't like Mary.
John thought Mary was a good friend.
Mary and Kim went to the park to play.
Mary and Kim loved the park.
Mary and Kim loved the flowers.
Mary and Kim loved the swings.
Soon it was dinnertime.
Mary and Kim went home.
Mary and Kim had a lovely day at the park.
Strabo was a Greek geographer.
Strabo was a philosopher.
Strabo was a historian.
Strabo lived in Asia Minor during the transitional period of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire.
Strabo was born to an affluent family from Amaseia in Pontus.
Amaseia is located in modern Amasya, Turkey.
Strabo said that Amaseia was situated approximately 75 km from the Black Sea.
Pontus had recently fallen to the Roman Republic.
Strabo was a proponent of Roman imperialism politically.
Strabo belonged to a prominent family on his mother's side.
Members of Strabo's family had held important positions under the previous resisting regime of King Mithridates VI of Pontus.
Strabo's life was characterized by extensive travels.
Strabo journeyed to Egypt.
Strabo journeyed to Kush.
Strabo traveled as far west as coastal Tuscany.
Strabo traveled as far south as Ethiopia.
Strabo traveled in Asia Minor.
Strabo spent time in Rome.
Travel throughout the Mediterranean and Near East was popular during Strabo's era.
Travel for scholarly purposes was facilitated by the relative peace enjoyed throughout the reign of Augustus.
Augustus reigned from 27 BC to AD 14.
Strabo moved to Rome in 44 BC.
Strabo stayed in Rome until at least 31 BC.
In 29 BC, Strabo visited the island of Gyaros in the Aegean Sea.
Strabo visited Gyaros on his way to Corinth.
Augustus was in Corinth at the time of Strabo's visit.
Around 25 BC, Strabo sailed up the Nile until reaching Philae.
There is little record of Strabo's proceedings after reaching Philae until AD 17.
Thelma was a life-loving and easy-going person.
Thelma was always full of energy.
Thelma never felt sad.
When Thelma was at the age of 75, Thelma's husband passed away.
Thelma's children were afraid that Thelma was lonely.
Thelma's children suggested that Thelma move to a Senior living community.
Thelma thought that moving to a Senior living community was a good idea.
Thelma decided to move to a Senior living community.
Shortly after moving in, Thelma became the director of many activities.
Thelma loved to organize all kinds of things for the people in the community.
Thelma quickly became very popular.
Thelma made many friends in the community.
When Thelma turned 80, Thelma's new friends showed their appreciation for Thelma.
Thelma's new friends threw a surprise birthday party for Thelma.
When Thelma entered the dining room for dinner that night, Thelma was greeted by a standing ovation.
One of the guests led Thelma to the head table.
The night of the birthday party was filled with laughter and entertainment.
Throughout the evening, Thelma could not take her eyes off a gentleman sitting at the other end of the table.
When the party ended, Thelma quickly rose from her seat.
Thelma rushed over to the gentleman.
Thelma said, 'Pardon me, please forgive me if I made you feel uncomfortable by looking at you all night.'
Thelma said, 'I just couldn't help myself from looking your way.'
Thelma said, 'You see, you look just like my fifth husband.'
The gentleman replied, 'Your fifth husband!'
The gentleman asked, 'Forgive me for asking, but how many times have you been married?'
A smile appeared on Thelma's face.
Thelma replied, 'Four.'
Thelma and the gentleman were married shortly after that.
Fox was hungry.
Fox was very hungry because Fox had not eaten in 3 days.
Bird flew to Fox's home.
Bird talked to Fox.
Bird asked Fox why Fox had not eaten in so long.
Fox said it was too cold outside.
Bird said that Fox has nice, thick fur.
Fox said that Fox was really too lazy.
Bird said he would bring Fox any food he saw when Bird was flying around.
Bird left Fox's home.
Bird flew to the other side of the forest to visit Tiger.
Bird did not see any food on the way to Tiger.
Tiger was reading a book about cooking.
Tiger thought there were many delicious foods Tiger had not tried yet.
Bird arrived at Tiger's den.
Bird said hello to Tiger.
Bird asked Tiger what Tiger was doing.
Tiger said Tiger was trying to think of what to have for dinner.
Bird asked Tiger how Tiger could choose what to eat.
Tiger suggested picking a color and eating something that is that color.
Bird suggested the color red.
Tiger agreed and said yes, like a fox.
Bird claimed to know where a fox is.
Bird offered to show Tiger where the fox is.
Tiger followed Bird all the way across the forest.
Bird and Tiger arrived outside Fox's home.
Bird instructed Tiger to pretend to be asleep and wait right there.
Bird flew into Fox's home very happy.
Bird told Fox that Bird had found a big yummy treat for Fox.
Bird assured Fox that Fox would not ever be hungry again.
Bird asked Fox to follow Bird outside.
Fox followed Bird outside.
Fox exclaimed about seeing a whole tiger.
Tiger jumped up and gobbled up Fox in one bite.
Fox was now inside Tiger's belly.
Fox yelled out to Bird that Bird lied to Fox.
Fox asked Bird why Bird lied.
Bird yelled that Fox ate Bird's sister.
Fox cried out that it was not Fox, it was Snake.
Bird apologized to Fox.
Bird noted that at least Fox did not have to hunt for food now.
Tiger laughed so hard that Tiger coughed up Fox.
Then Bird, Fox, and Tiger went and got ice cream.
There are plenty of country songs about how to be a man.
One way to be a man is to face the music.
Two country crooners faced the music on Thursday.
Ty Herndon came out as being gay.
Billy Gilman came out as being gay.
Ty Herndon went first in interviews with People Magazine and Entertainment Tonight.
Ty Herndon's revelation inspired Billy Gilman to go public as well.
Billy Gilman posted a message to YouTube.
Billy Gilman thanked Ty Herndon for breaking the ice.
Billy Gilman preferred telling his fans directly from the comfort of home.
Billy Gilman preferred not to sit down with the press.
An encounter with a journalist prodded Billy Gilman to spill the beans.
The journalist bumped into Billy Gilman in a public place.
The journalist snapped a photo of Billy Gilman with his partner.
Billy Gilman knew that he would rather the news come from him than from someone else.
Billy Gilman feared being ripped over his sexuality in an article.
In the genre of country, Thursday's tune was a tough one to sing for Billy Gilman.
Billy Gilman stated that being a gay, male country artist is not the best thing.
Billy Gilman is 26 years old.
Billy Gilman has had a long career.
Billy Gilman rocketed up the charts at age 11.
Billy Gilman had silky, pre-voice-change alto pipes according to his biography on AllMusic.com.
Billy Gilman is currently hitting snags in his career.
Rumors about Billy Gilman's sexual orientation have been going around.
Billy Gilman thinks major music labels may have thumbed their noses at him over his sexual orientation.
Leeds is a city in West Yorkshire, England.
Leeds was historically in Yorkshire's West Riding.
The history of Leeds can be traced to the 5th century.
In the 5th century, the name Leeds referred to a wooded area of the Kingdom of Elmet.
The name Leeds has been applied to many administrative entities over the centuries.
The name Leeds changed from being the name of a small manorial borough in the 13th century.
The name Leeds went through several incarnations.
The name Leeds is attached to the present metropolitan borough.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, Leeds became a major centre for the production and trading of wool.
During the Industrial Revolution, Leeds developed into a major mill town.
Wool was the dominant industry in Leeds during the Industrial Revolution.
Flax, engineering, iron foundries, printing, and other industries were important in Leeds during the Industrial Revolution.
Leeds was a compact market town in the valley of the River Aire in the 16th century.
Leeds expanded and absorbed the surrounding villages.
Leeds became a populous urban centre by the mid-20th century.
Leeds has a population of around 781,700 as of 2016.
Leeds is the third largest city in the United Kingdom.
Leeds lies within the United Kingdom's fourth-most populous urban area.
The fourth-most populous urban area in the United Kingdom has a population of 2.3 million.
Today, Leeds has the most diverse economy of all the UK's main employment centres.
Leeds has seen the fastest rate of private-sector jobs growth of any UK city.
Leeds has the highest ratio of public to private sector jobs of all the UK's Core Cities.
Leeds has the third-largest jobs total by local authority area with 480,000 in employment and self-employment at the beginning of 2015.
Leeds is ranked as a gamma world city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network.
Leeds is considered the cultural, financial and commercial heart of the West Yorkshire Urban Area.
Leeds is served by four universities.
Leeds has the fourth largest student population in the country.
Leeds has the country's fourth largest urban economy.
Deep into the night, the bus pulled in to a Howard Johnson's restaurant.
Everybody got off the bus except Vingo.
The young people began to wonder about Vingo.
The young people tried to imagine Vingo's life.
One of the girls sat beside Vingo.
The girl introduced herself to Vingo.
After a long time, Vingo began to tell his story slowly and painfully.
Vingo had been in prison in New York for the last four years.
Vingo was going home now.
While in prison, Vingo wrote to his wife, Martha.
Vingo said to Martha, 'I understand if you cannot stay married to me.'
Vingo said he was going to be away for a long time.
Vingo said that if Martha couldn't stand it, she could forget him.
Vingo suggested that Martha could get a new young man.
Vingo described Martha as a wonderful woman.
Vingo told Martha she didn't have to write to him.
Martha did not write to Vingo for three and a half years.
Last week, Vingo was sure freedom was coming.
Vingo wrote to Martha last week.
Vingo told Martha that if she had a new young man, he would understand.
Vingo told Martha that if she didn't have a new young man and would take him back, she should let him know.
Vingo mentioned that they used to live in the town of Brunswick.
Vingo described a great big oak tree just as you come into Brunswick.
Vingo told Martha that if she would take him back, she should put a yellow handkerchief on the tree.
Vingo said that if Martha didn't want him and forgot him, there should be no handkerchief.
Vingo stated that if there was no handkerchief, he would keep going on through.
Soon all the other young people were involved in the situation.
When they were 20 miles from Brunswick, the young men took over window seats on the right side.
The young men were waiting for the approach of the great oak tree.
Vingo stopped looking at the scenery.
Vingo tightened his face into the ex-con's mask.
Then it was 10 miles to Brunswick.
Then it was 5 miles to Brunswick.
The bus became very quiet.
Suddenly, all of the young people were up out of their seats.
The young people were screaming and shouting and crying.
The young people were doing small dances.
All the young people were celebrating except Vingo.
Dhaka is the capital of Bangladesh.
Dhaka is the largest city of Bangladesh.
The name of the city was spelled as 'Dacca'.
The spelling 'Dacca' was an anglicisation name.
The current spelling of the city was adopted in 1983.
The current spelling of the city was adopted to match with Bengali pronunciation.
Dhaka is located in an eponymous district and division.
Dhaka lies along the east bank of the Buriganga River.
Dhaka is located in the heart of the Bengal delta.
Dhaka is a microcosm of the entire country of Bangladesh.
Dhaka has diverse religious and ethnic communities.
Dhaka is the economic center of Bangladesh.
Dhaka is the cultural center of Bangladesh.
Dhaka is the political center of Bangladesh.
Dhaka is a major financial center of South Asia.
Dhaka is one of the world's most populated cities.
Dhaka is one of the most populated cities within OIC countries.
The population of the Greater Dhaka Area is 17 million people.
Dhaka is the 4th most densely populated city in the world.
At the height of its medieval glory, Dhaka was regarded as one of the wealthiest cities in the world.
At the height of its medieval glory, Dhaka was regarded as one of the most prosperous cities in the world.
Dhaka served as the capital of the Bengal province of the Mughal Empire twice.
The first period Dhaka served as the capital of the Bengal province of the Mughal Empire was from 1608 to 1639.
The second period Dhaka served as the capital of the Bengal province of the Mughal Empire was from 1660 to 1704.
The city's name was Jahangir Nagar in the 17th century.
Jahangir Nagar means 'City of Jahangir'.
Dhaka was central to the economy of Mughal Bengal.
Mughal Bengal generated 50% of Mughal GDP.
Dhaka was a cosmopolitan commercial center.
Dhaka was the hub of the worldwide muslin and silk trade.
Stephen Colbert plays a dangerous game.
Stephen Colbert walks a tightrope every night.
It is amazing that Stephen Colbert doesn't fall on a regular basis.
Stephen Colbert tells jokes about race, gender, and class.
People love Stephen Colbert or hate Stephen Colbert.
Not everyone gets a joke told by Stephen Colbert.
Stephen Colbert does say, in persona, amazingly offensive things sometimes.
Last week, things went south.
Twitter exploded in calls to #CancelColbert.
The offense was a 140-character long foot-in-the-mouth that came from the Twitter feed @ColbertReport.
The tweet was a joke that played off of a show segment.
The show segment mocked an attempt by the owner of the Washington Redskins to make peace with the Native American community without having to change the team's name.
The tweet stated, 'I'm willing to show the #Asian community I care by introducing the Ching-Chong Ding-Dong Foundation for Sensitivity to Orientals or Whatever.'
Race meets satire in the tweet.
The controversial tweet was not written by Stephen Colbert himself.
The controversial tweet was not written by anyone on Stephen Colbert's show.
The controversial tweet was written by a Comedy Central account.
The Comedy Central account presumably had license from the show's producers to publicize and magnify Stephen Colbert's voice.
Instead of repudiating the tweet, Stephen Colbert made further jokes about the incident on Monday night.
Stephen Colbert joked about how the incident almost silenced his message of core conservative principles mixed with youth-friendly product placement.
Some have been demanding that 'The Colbert Report' be canceled.
Asian-American activist Suey Park is leading the demand to cancel 'The Colbert Report'.
The words used in the tweet perpetuate hateful stereotypes.
The words bring up a history of very public repression and personal shame.
To use the words now is to call forth that history.
In calling forth that history, the words create more racism.
A boy was trying to pick out what instrument he wanted to play.
The boy's parents wanted him to pick a good instrument.
Playing an instrument was very important to the boy's parents.
The boy went to a music store with his parents.
When the boy got to the music store, he didn't know where to start.
The boy walked up to the front of the music store.
The boy asked the man who worked at the music store for help.
The worker brought the boy to a piano.
The boy said, 'No way, that looks way too hard!'
The worker laughed at the boy's reaction to the piano.
The worker then brought out a guitar.
The boy thought that guitars were too popular.
The boy wanted to play something that not many other people would play.
The worker finally brought the boy to the drums.
The boy exclaimed, 'That's it! That is a cool instrument that I could really get into.'
The boy's mom wasn't happy with the choice of drums.
The boy's mom thought that the boy would be too loud playing the drums.
The boy's dad stepped in to talk the boy's mom into allowing the boy to play the drums.
The boy's dad knew that if the boy liked what he did, he would do way better.
Twenty years later, the boy was the drummer in a band.
The band was the most popular rock band in the world.
New Jersey is a state in the Northeastern and mid-Atlantic regions of the United States.
New Jersey is a peninsula.
New Jersey is bordered on the north and east by the state of New York.
New Jersey is bordered on the east, southeast, and south by the Atlantic Ocean.
New Jersey is bordered on the west by the Delaware River and Pennsylvania.
New Jersey is bordered on the southwest by the Delaware Bay and Delaware.
New Jersey is the fourth-smallest state by area.
New Jersey is the 11th-most populous state of the 50 U.S. states.
New Jersey is the most densely populated state of the 50 U.S. states.
New Jersey lies entirely within the combined statistical areas of New York City and Philadelphia.
New Jersey is the third-wealthiest state by median household income as of 2016.
New Jersey was inhabited by Native Americans for more than 2,800 years.
Historical tribes such as the Lenape inhabited New Jersey along the coast.
In the early 17th century, the Dutch made the first European settlements in New Jersey.
In the early 17th century, the Swedes made the first European settlements in New Jersey.
The English later seized control of the region.
The English named the region the Province of New Jersey.
The Province of New Jersey was named after the largest of the Channel Islands, Jersey.
The Province of New Jersey was granted as a colony to Sir George Carteret.
The Province of New Jersey was granted as a colony to John Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton.
New Jersey was the site of several decisive battles during the American Revolutionary War in the 18th century.
Terry is a normal human boy.
Terry enjoys football.
Terry enjoys playing with his toys.
Terry really enjoys talking to his magical reindeer Max.
One day, Terry is walking around town with Max.
Terry and Max pass by the nearby farm.
The farmer who owns the land calls out to Terry and Max.
The farmer says, 'Hey! You, over there!'
Terry and Max quickly turn around.
Terry and Max are not sure if they are the ones being called to.
Terry and Max see no one nearby.
Terry and Max walk over to the farmer.
Terry asks the farmer, 'What do you need, sir?'
The farmer says, 'I need help with the plants; they're growing faster than normal.'
The farmer asks, 'Can you help with the potato plants?'
Terry happily answers, 'Sure! Let's help out, Max!'
Terry and Max end up spending the rest of the day helping the farmer.
Terry and Max are paid well for their work.
Terry and Max are paid in potatoes, carrots, and money.
Terry says to Max, 'That was fun!' as they head home.
Max simply nods back.
Terry and Max hurry back to their home.
A fish that lives in America can live out of water for months at a time.
The ability of the fish to live out of water is similar to how animals got used to land millions of years ago.
A new study shows the fish's ability to live out of water.
The Mangrove Rivulus is a kind of little fish.
The Mangrove Rivulus lives in small pools of water.
When the living place of the Mangrove Rivulus dries up, the Mangrove Rivulus lives on the land.
Scott Taylor is a researcher in Florida.
Scott Taylor stated that the fish can grow as large as three inches.
The Mangrove Rivulus groups together and breathes air through their skin before they can find water again.
The new scientific discovery came during a trip.
Scott Taylor stated that he was travelling for fun.
Scott Taylor stated that one day he kicked over a log and the fish came out.
Scott Taylor told reporters by telephone.
Scott Taylor stated that he would make his study on the Mangrove Rivulus known to the public in an American magazine early next year.
In lab tests, Scott Taylor found that the Mangrove Rivulus can live up to 66 days out of water without eating.
Some other fish can live out of water for a short period of time.
The walking catfish found in Southeast Asia can stay on land for hours at a time.
Lungfish found in Australia, Africa, and South America can live out of water, but only in a not active way.
No other known fish can be out of water as long as the Mangrove Rivulus and keep active.
Patricia Wright is a biologist at a Canadian University.
Patricia Wright stated that more studies of the Mangrove Rivulus may tell how animals changed over time.
Patricia Wright stated that the conditions in which the Mangrove Rivulus lives are similar to those millions of years ago.
Patricia Wright stated that those conditions were when animals began to move from water onto land.
A new study suggests that early exposure to germs strengthens the immune system.
Letting children get a little dirty might be good for their health later in life.
The study involved laboratory mice.
The study found that adult mice raised in a germ-free environment were more likely to develop allergies, asthma, and other autoimmune disorders.
There are more than eighty disorders where cells that normally defend the body instead attack tissues and organs.
Richard Blumberg led the study.
Richard Blumberg is a professor at Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts.
In 1989, medical researchers sought to explain autoimmune diseases.
Medical researchers first discovered that the increasing use of antibacterial soaps and other products, especially early in life, could weaken immune systems.
Dr. Blumberg and his team have the first biological evidence to link early exposure to germs to stronger adult immune systems.
Dr. Blumberg and his team say that early exposure to germs could prevent the development of some autoimmune diseases.
In the adult germ-free mice, inflammation in the lungs and colon was caused by so-called killer T cells.
Killer T cells normally fight infection.
Killer T cells became overactive and targeted healthy tissue, resulting in an autoimmune condition seen in asthma and a disease called ulcerative colitis.
Dr. Blumberg says that the mice raised in a normal environment did not have the same reaction.
Dr. Blumberg says that the immune systems of the mice raised in a normal environment had been 'educated' by early exposure to germs.
Rates of autoimmune disorders are rising worldwide.
Rates of autoimmune disorders are rising mostly in wealthier, industrialized countries.
According to Dr. Blumberg, it might be high time that people were warned to be more careful with the early use of antibiotics and the prescriptions from their doctors.
Rob Dunn is a professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at North Carolina State University in Raleigh.
Rob Dunn says that the new study does not mean people should stop washing.
Rob Dunn advises to wash hands, but not with antibacterial soap.
Rob Dunn suggests letting children play in a reasonable amount of dirt and get outside to be exposed to a diversity of things.
Slate is an online magazine.
Slate covers current affairs, politics, and culture in the United States.
Slate presents its content from a liberal perspective.
Slate was created in 1996.
Michael Kinsley was a former editor of 'New Republic'.
Slate was initially owned by Microsoft as part of MSN.
On December 21, 2004, Slate was purchased by The Washington Post Company.
The Washington Post Company was later renamed the Graham Holdings Company.
Since June 4, 2008, Slate has been managed by The Slate Group.
The Slate Group is an online publishing entity.
The Slate Group was created by the Graham Holdings Company to develop and manage web-only magazines.
Slate is based in New York City.
Slate has an additional office in Washington, D.C.
A French version of Slate, called 'slate.fr', was launched in February 2009.
The French version was launched by a group of four journalists.
The group of four journalists includes Jean-Marie Colombani.
The group of four journalists includes Eric Leser.
The group of four journalists includes economist Jacques Attali.
The founders of 'slate.fr' hold 50% in the publishing company.
The Slate Group holds 15% in the publishing company.
'slate.fr' started a separate site covering African news in 2011.
The separate site covering African news is called 'Slate Afrique'.
'Slate Afrique' has a Paris-based editorial staff.
Julia Turner replaced David Plotz as editor of Slate in July 2014.
David Plotz had been editor of Slate since 2008.
David Plotz had been the deputy editor to Jacob Weisberg.
Jacob Weisberg was the editor of Slate from 2002 until his designation as the chairman and editor-in-chief of The Slate Group.
John Alderman is the publisher of Slate.
Agatha came home in due time.
Magdalen sent her sister to meet Agatha at the station.
A merry Clipstone party was waiting in the waggonette for Gillian.
Gillian was to come home at the same time as Agatha.
There was much discussion of the new golf ground.
Vera had hardly a hand or a glance to bestow on Mr. Delrio.
Mr. Delrio jumped out of the same train as Agatha.
Mr. Delrio shook hands with Agatha.
Mr. Delrio bestirred himself in finding Agatha's luggage.
Mr. Delrio called a cab for Agatha.
Agatha exclaimed that Mr. Delrio is improved and looks like a pleasing, gentlemanly fellow.
Agatha waved her thanks while driving off in the cab.
Paula agreed with Agatha that Mr. Delrio is improved.
Vera bridled and blushed at the conversation about Mr. Delrio.
Paula stated that Agatha would be delighted with Mr. Delrio's work.
Paula claimed she never saw anything more lovely than little St. Cyriac the martyr.
Vera added that St. Cyriac is taken from Mrs. Henderson's little boy.
Vera described Mrs. Henderson's little boy as a dear little darling.
Paula mentioned that Mr. Delrio's mother is to be done.
Paula stated that Mr. Delrio has sketched his mother for St. Juliet.
Magdalen jokingly referred to St. Romeo.
Paula corrected Magdalen, stating that there really was a St. Juliet or Julitta.
Paula explained that St. Juliet was Mr. Delrio's mother and that they both were martyrs.
Paula began to tell the history of St. Juliet.
Agatha interposed during Paula's explanation.
Agatha expressed that they must like having Mr. Delrio down there.
Agatha stated that her sister must be much pleased with Mr. Delrio.
Agatha noted that her sister used to like old Mr. Delrio.
Paula admitted that they have not said much about old Mr. Delrio.
Paula stated that old Mr. Delrio does not seem to wish it or expect to be in with swells.
A man lost both legs in the Boston Marathon attack.
The man is engaged to the woman he was waiting for at the finish line.
Jeff Bauman is 28 years old.
Erin Hurley is 27 years old.
Jeff Bauman and Erin Hurley are expecting a child this summer.
The announcement about Jeff Bauman and Erin Hurley was made on Jeff Bauman's foundation's Facebook page.
The announcement states that Jeff Bauman and Erin Hurley became engaged.
The announcement states that Jeff Bauman and Erin Hurley are expecting their first child in the summer.
The posting did not reveal a due date for the child.
The posting did not reveal a wedding date.
Jeff Bauman is credited with helping investigators identify the suspects in the April 15, 2013, double bombing.
The image of the maimed Jeff Bauman being led to safety by a man in a cowboy hat became one of the most memorable images of the Boston Marathon terrorist attack.
The Boston Marathon terrorist attack killed three people.
The Boston Marathon terrorist attack injured more than 260 people.
A day after Jeff Bauman woke up from two life-saving surgeries with no legs, he described bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev to law enforcement.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev is the younger brother of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to 30 federal charges related to the bombings, including murder.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed when Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ran over him as police were trying to handcuff him in a chase a few days later.
Jeff Bauman announced in September that he will publish a memoir titled 'Stronger'.
The memoir 'Stronger' is about Jeff Bauman's experiences at and since the marathon.
Jeff Bauman stated that the past months have often been difficult.
Jeff Bauman stated that the support he received from around the world has inspired him to set and achieve high goals.
The statement from Jeff Bauman was released by Grand Central Publishing last year.
Princess Ellen wanted nothing more than to be a singer when Princess Ellen grew up.
Princess Ellen had a beautiful voice.
Everyone who heard Princess Ellen's voice said Princess Ellen was the best singer in the land.
Princess Ellen's uncle believed singing would keep Princess Ellen from her job as princess.
Princess Ellen's uncle found a witch.
Princess Ellen's uncle paid the witch to steal Princess Ellen's voice.
The witch made a spell.
The spell gave Princess Ellen the witch's voice.
The spell also gave Princess Ellen's voice to the witch.
The witch went on to become famous as a singer.
Princess Ellen grew up to be Queen.
One day Queen Ellen heard of a singer who was the best in the land.
Queen Ellen went to hear this singer.
Queen Ellen was surprised to hear her own voice coming from the woman on stage.
When the show was over, Queen Ellen found the singer.
Queen Ellen gave the singer a penny.
Queen Ellen told the singer, 'You have a magical voice.'
The witch was so touched by Queen Ellen's kindness.
The witch gave Queen Ellen her voice back.
Once upon a time, there was a squirrel named Joey.
Joey loved to go outside.
Joey loved to play with his cousin named Jimmy.
Joey and Jimmy played silly games together.
Joey and Jimmy were always laughing.
One day, Joey and Jimmy went swimming together at their Aunt Julie's pond.
Joey woke up early in the morning to eat some food before Joey and Jimmy left.
Joey couldn't find anything to eat except for pie.
Usually, Joey would eat cereal for breakfast.
Usually, Joey would eat fruit for breakfast.
Usually, Joey would eat a pear for breakfast.
Usually, Joey would eat oatmeal for breakfast.
After Joey ate, Joey and Jimmy went to the pond.
On their way to the pond, Joey and Jimmy saw their friend named Jack Rabbit.
Joey and Jimmy dove into the water.
Joey and Jimmy swam for several hours.
The sun was out.
The breeze was cold.
Joey and Jimmy got out of the water.
Joey and Jimmy started walking home.
Joey and Jimmy's fur was wet.
The breeze chilled Joey and Jimmy.
When Joey and Jimmy got home, Joey and Jimmy dried off.
Jimmy put on his favorite purple shirt.
Joey put on a blue shirt with red and green dots.
Joey and Jimmy ate some food that Joey's mom, Jasmine, made.
Joey and Jimmy went off to bed.
George Washington Carver showed that plant life was more than just food for animals and humans.
Carver's first step was to analyze plant parts.
Carver aimed to find out what plant parts were made of.
Carver combined simpler isolated substances with other substances.
Carver created new products from these combinations.
The branch of chemistry that studies and finds ways to use raw materials from farm products to make industrial products is called chemurgy.
Carver was one of the first chemurgists.
Carver was one of the greatest chemurgists of all time.
Today, the science of chemurgy is better known as the science of synthetics.
Each day, people depend on and use synthetics made from raw materials.
Carver battled against the disposal of waste materials throughout his life.
Carver warned of the growing need to develop substitutes for the natural substances being used up by humans.
Carver never cared about getting credit for the new products he created.
Carver never tried to patent his discoveries.
Carver never sought to get wealthy from his discoveries.
Carver turned down many offers to leave Tuskegee Institute.
Carver was offered a laboratory in Detroit by Thomas Edison to carry out food research.
The United States government made Carver a collaborator in the Mycology and Plant Disease Survey of the Department of Agriculture.
Carver accepted the position with the understanding that he wouldn't leave Tuskegee.
Carver was an authority on plant disease, especially of the fungus variety.
Carver sent hundreds of specimens to the United States Department of Agriculture.
At the peak of his career, Carver's fame and influence were known on every continent.
When the narrator was young, the narrator went looking for gold in California.
The narrator never found enough gold to make a rich strike.
The narrator discovered a beautiful part of the country called Stanislau.
Stanislau was like Heaven on Earth.
Stanislau had bright green hills and deep forests.
Soft winds touched the trees in Stanislau.
By the time the narrator arrived, the charming paradise had been deserted.
The miners' good luck did not last.
The narrator realized that the narrator was not alone after all.
A man was smiling at the narrator as he stood in front of his little house.
The front yard of the man's house was full of blue and yellow flowers.
White curtains hung from the windows of the man's house.
The white curtains floated in the soft summer wind.
The man invited the narrator inside while still smiling.
The narrator's spirit seemed to come to life again.
The narrator saw a bright rug on the shining wooden floor.
On little tables there were seashells, books, and china vases full of flowers.
A woman had made the man's house into a home.
The joy in the narrator's heart showed on the narrator's face.
The man read the narrator's thoughts.
The man said affectionately, 'All her work.'
The man said, 'Nothing here hasn't felt the touch of her hand.'
One picture on the wall was not hanging straight.
The man went to fix the picture.
The man stepped back several times to make sure the picture was straight.
The man gave the picture a gentle touch.
The man explained, 'She always does that.'
The man compared the gentle touch to the finishing pat a mother gives her child's hair after she has brushed it.
The man said, 'I don't know why I do it. I just do it.'
As the man talked, the narrator went to a little black-walnut shelf.
The little black-walnut shelf held a small picture of the most beautiful creature the narrator had ever seen.
There was a sweetness and softness in the woman's expression in the picture.
The man stared at the picture.
The man said, 'Nineteen her last birthday.'
The man said, 'That was the day we married.'
The man said, 'When you see her...ah, just wait until you meet her!'
The narrator asked, 'Where is she now?'
The man replied, 'Oh, she is away visiting her parents.'
The man said slowly, 'This is Wednesday.'
The man said, 'She will be back on Saturday, in the evening.'
That night, the narrator stayed.
The man told the narrator his name was Henry.
On Thursday evening, Henry had two visitors named Tom and Joe.
Tom and Joe dropped over to ask when little madam was coming home.
Tom and Joe asked if there was any news from her.
Henry replied, 'Oh yes, a letter.'
Henry took a yellowed letter out of his wallet and read it.
The letter was full of loving messages.
While reading, Henry glimpsed his friends and cried out, 'Oh no, you are doing it again, Tom!'
Henry told Tom to take his hands away and let Henry see his eyes.
Henry said, 'I'm going to tell her this time!'
The grey-haired miner said, 'No, you mustn't do that, Henry.'
The grey-haired miner said, 'I am getting old.'
The grey-haired miner said, 'Any little sorrow makes me cry.'
The grey-haired miner said, 'Lord, we miss her so.'
Saturday finally came.
The narrator was glad to see Henry's two friends, Tom and Joe, with guitars.
Tom and Joe were coming down the road as the sun began to set.
Tom and Joe put the flowers they brought in vases.
Tom and Joe began to play some fast and lively songs.
Henry's friends kept giving Henry glasses of whiskey.
When the narrator reached for one of the two remaining glasses, Tom stopped the narrator's arm.
Tom whispered, 'Drop that! Take the other.'
The narrator did so.
Henry was served last.
Henry had hardly swallowed his drink when the clock struck midnight.
Henry's face grew paler and paler.
Henry said, 'Boys, I am sick with fear. Help! I want to lie down.'
Henry was asleep almost before the words were out of his mouth.
In a moment, Tom and Joe had Henry's clothes off and tucked him into his bed.
Tom and Joe seemed to be getting ready to leave.
The narrator said, 'Please don't go, gentlemen. She won't know me. I am a stranger.'
Tom and Joe glanced at each other.
Then Joe said, 'She? Poor thing, she's been dead nineteen years!'
The narrator whispered, 'Dead?'
Joe said, 'That or worse.'
Joe explained, 'She went to see her folks half a year after she got married.'
Joe explained, 'On her way back, on a Saturday evening in June, when she was almost here, the Indians captured her.'
Joe said, 'She's never been heard of since.'
Joe said, 'Henry thinks she is still alive.'
Joe explained, 'When June comes, Henry thinks she has gone on her trip to see her parents.'
Joe explained, 'Then he begins to wait for her to come back.'
Joe said, 'We drop in here, three days before she's due, to encourage him up and listen to him read the letter.'
Joe said, 'On Saturday we all come and get everything ready for a dance.'
Joe said, 'We've done it for nineteen years.'
Joe said, 'The first Saturday there were twenty-seven of us, but only two now.'
Joe said, 'We drug him to sleep through the night.'
Joe said, 'Then he's all right for another year.'
Tom and Joe opened the door and disappeared into the darkness of Stanislau.
There seemed to be a somewhat singular abstention from any desire to interfere with the two people who stood in the centre of the little group, hand-in-hand.
Saton had turned a little defiantly toward Rochester after his first speech.
Lois had given her hands to Saton.
Rochester remained unmoved.
Rochester's elbow was resting upon the broad mantelpiece.
Rochester's face was almost expressionless.
Vandermere stood on one side and held his peace.
The effort with which Vandermere held his peace was a visible one.
Lady Mary looked anxiously towards the group.
Pauline had shrunk back as though something in the situation terrified her.
Saton felt that it was the silence before the storm.
The courage which Saton had summoned up to meet a storm of disapproval began to ebb slowly away in the face of the unnatural silence.
It was clear that the onus of further speech was to rest with Saton.
Saton was still retaining Lois' hand.
Saton turned toward Rochester.
Saton stated that Rochester had forbidden him to enter his house or to hold any communication with his ward until she was of age.
Saton claimed that he had obeyed one of Rochester's conditions.
Saton stated that he had done as he thought fit regarding the other condition.
Saton declared that Lois was her own mistress today.
Saton announced that Lois had consented to be his wife.
Saton stated that he did not need to ask for Rochester's consent or approval.
Saton offered that if Rochester was not willing for Lois to be married from his roof, he could take her at once to the Comtesse.
The Comtesse was prepared to receive Lois.
Andrew waited for Andrew's granddaddy to show up.
Andrew and Andrew's granddaddy were going fishing.
Andrew's mom had packed lunch for Andrew and Andrew's granddaddy.
Andrew's mom made Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches.
Andrew's mom also packed a bottle of nice cool water to drink.
Andrew wanted something else for lunch.
Andrew wanted chicken or cold cuts or leftover meat loaf.
Andrew's mom sent Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwiches instead.
The best way to get to the river was along the path.
When the path ended, Andrew and Andrew's granddaddy needed to go through the bushes to the river.
On some days, Andrew and Andrew's granddaddy would think about going another way.
Andrew and Andrew's granddaddy could go over the bridge.
Andrew and Andrew's granddaddy could go through the back of the house.
Andrew and Andrew's granddaddy could go through Uncle Tom's yard.
Today, Andrew and Andrew's granddaddy took the path to the river.
Andrew found some animal poop along the path.
Andrew asked Andrew's grandpa what kind of animal poop Andrew had found.
Andrew wanted to know if a lion, a tiger, or a bear had made the poop.
Andrew's grandpa pointed in the bushes.
Andrew saw a small black and white animal looking at Andrew with big eyes.
Andrew knew that Andrew was looking at a raccoon.
Andrew was sure that the raccoon had made the poop.
When Andrew and Andrew's grandpa got to the river, they put their fishing poles into the water.
Andrew caught Andrew's first fish right away.
Andrew caught a second fish before lunch.
Andrew got hungry and had Andrew's Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich and cool water.
Andrew saw that Andrew's grandpa had fallen asleep.
After eating Andrew's lunch, Andrew caught three more fish before Andrew woke up Andrew's grandpa.
When Andrew and Andrew's grandpa got back home, they gave all the fish they had caught to Andrew's mother.
Andrew's mother could make a good dinner with the fish.
Dick exclaimed that it sure is snowing some now.
Dick noted that it is getting colder every minute.
Jack Wumble expressed concern that if they don't get out of the mountains quickly, they will be snowed in.
Ike Furner inquired if Sam calculated to get back to Dawson before winter set in.
Sam cried that of course he did plan to get back.
Ike Furner stated that he does not see how they are going to make it.
Dick insisted that they must get back.
Dick expressed a desire to find Tom.
It was fully an hour after the group had left the campfire at the entrance to the cave of the mountain.
The group had walked to the chasm where they thought Tom might have had an accident.
The group crossed and recrossed the chasm several times.
The group found no traces of the missing Rover boy, Tom.
Sam expressed a wish to know whether Tom went down in that opening.
Sam asked Dick if they can climb down into the opening.
Dick replied that they cannot climb down without a rope.
Dick explained that the sides of the opening are too steep and slippery.
The group called down several times.
No answer came back from Tom.
If Tom was down in the opening, he was either unconscious or dead.
It had begun to snow harder than ever.
The air was so full of white flakes that the group could not see ten feet in any direction.
The snowstorm was typical for Alaska.
The wind had a sweep that found the very marrow of their bones.
After nearly a year's captivity, the King engaged to pay a ransom.
Until the terms could be arranged, the Kings two sons were to be placed as hostages in the hands of the Normans.
The King returned to his own domains.
The Princes were to be sent to Bayeux.
Richard had returned to Bayeux.
Richard was under the charge of the Centevilles.
Richard was allowed to ride and walk abroad freely, provided he was accompanied by a guard.
Richard expressed joy about having Carloman and making him happy.
Richard wished that Lothaire were not coming.
Father Lucas suggested that Lothaire comes for Richard to have a first trial in his father's last lesson and Abbot Martin's lesson.
Father Lucas encouraged Richard to return good for evil.
The Duke's cheek flushed, and he made no answer.
The Duke and Alberic went to the watch-tower.
The Duke and Alberic saw a cavalcade approaching.
The cavalcade had a curtained vehicle in the midst, slung between two horses.
Alberic speculated that the approaching cavalcade could not be the Princes and must surely be some sick lady.
Richard expressed dismay and hoped that the approaching cavalcade was not the Queen.
Richard doubted that Lothaire would ride, as he considered Lothaire a coward.
Richard thought that the Queen would not trust Lothaire without shutting him up like a demoiselle.
Richard asked Alberic to come down and stated that he would say nothing unkind of Lothaire if he could help it.
Richard met the Princes in the court.
Richard had sunny hair uncovered.
Richard bowed with such becoming courtesy that Fru Astrida pressed her son's arm.
Fru Astrida bade her son to say if their little Duke was not the fairest and noblest child in Christendom.
James Brown's name is James Brown.
James Brown has an 8-year-old daughter.
James Brown's daughter's name is Ann.
Ann's favorite activity is watching movies.
Ann watches movies once a week.
Movie World is in James Brown's neighborhood.
Movie World is the biggest movie theater in the city.
Movie World has the most comfortable seats.
Movie World has the best sound.
Ann likes watching movies at Movie World.
Last Sunday, James Brown took Ann to Movie World to watch the movie Epic.
Epic is a movie about a father named Bomba and his 17-year-old daughter named Mary.
Bomba was interested in looking for Leaf Men.
Bomba said Leaf Men lived in a forest.
No one believed Bomba.
One day, Mary was swept into the world of the Leaf Men.
Mary found that her father Bomba was right.
At the early-afternoon showing of Epic, the theater was almost full.
60% of the audience were kids aged three to ten and their fathers.
James Brown didn't think the audience was there because of the movie itself.
A study showed that dads were 50% more likely than moms to take young kids to the movies in the United States.
Mrs. Smith liked to deliver her pies with her big hot air balloon.
Mrs. Smith liked baking pies of all shapes and sizes.
Mrs. Smith baked for her neighbors of all ages.
Mrs. Smith would bake the pies on Sunday.
Mrs. Smith would pile the baked pies high in her balloon.
Mrs. Smith would take off into the sky.
Mr. Jones lived down the street.
Mr. Jones loved strawberry pie.
Mr. Jones would stand on his roof.
Mr. Jones would catch the pie as the balloon flew by.
Mrs. Kenner liked apple pie.
Mrs. Kenner would run after the balloon.
Mrs. Kenner would catch her pie in a big basket.
Bobby and Sue were brother and sister.
Bobby and Sue loved chocolate pie.
Bobby and Sue would ride their bicycles to the top of a hill.
Mrs. Smith would hand Bobby and Sue their pies as she floated by.
Mrs. Smith would throw peach pies down Mr. Tevo's chimney.
The peach pies would land in a big box.
Josh had his dog Rex chase after the pies for him.
Rex would jump high in the air.
Rex would catch the pie like a frisbee.
Everyone would clap as Mrs. Smith rode by and delivered her pies.
Everyone would eat the pies and be happy.
Mrs. Smith loved riding her balloon.
Mrs. Smith loved making her neighbors happy.
Smith refrained from discussing the alleged bone-headedness of girls with Master Maloney.
Smith went through into the inner room.
Smith found John sitting in the editorial chair.
John was glancing through the latest number of _Peaceful Moments_.
Smith greeted John as 'friend of my youth'.
Smith asked John where he had been hiding all this time.
Smith called John at his office weeks ago.
An acid voice informed Smith that John was no longer at his office.
Smith asked John if he had been fired.
John confirmed that he had been fired.
Smith asked John why he was not on the _News_ anymore.
Nobody seemed to know where Smith was until he met Faraday that morning.
Faraday informed Smith that John was at the current location.
Smith was conscious of an impression that John had changed since their last meeting.
Smith could not initially identify what had given him this impression.
It flashed upon Smith that John had always been cheerful before.
John had always been like Mrs. Fezziwig in 'The Christmas Carol', one vast substantial smile.
John had beamed cheerfully on what he evidently thought was the best of all possible worlds.
Now, it seemed that doubts had occurred to John regarding the universal perfection of things.
John's face was graver than before.
John's eyes and mouth gave evidence of disturbing happenings.
In the matter of confidences, Smith was not a believer in spade-work.
Smith was invariably sympathetic if confidences were offered to him.
Smith never dug for confidences.
It was obvious to Smith that John had something on his mind.
Smith intended to allow John to select his own time for the revelation of his thoughts.
The Fenian adventure furnished the distraction which Lothair required.
The Fenian adventure broke the absorbing spell of sentiment.
The absorbing spell of sentiment is the delicious but enervating privilege of the youthful heart.
When Lothair woke in the morning from his well-earned slumbers, the charm returned.
Lothair fell at once into a reverie of Belmont.
Lothair speculated when he might really pay his first visit to Belmont.
Lothair could not visit Belmont today.
Lothair and the other party had separated only yesterday.
It seemed to Lothair that the separation had lasted an age.
The separation felt like an adventure of another world.
There are moods of feeling which defy both time and space.
On the morrow, Friday, Lothair might venture to go to Belmont.
Lothair questioned whether tomorrow would ever come.
It seemed impossible to Lothair that tomorrow would come.
Lothair wondered how the intervening hours would pass.
The world was not so devoid of resources as Lothair.
The world had already appropriated Lothair's whole day.
Monsignore Catesby came to breakfast with Lothair.
Monsignore Catesby talked of everything that was agreeable or interesting.
Monsignore Catesby was bent on securing Lothair's presence at the impending ecclesiastical ceremony of high import.
Lothair's guardian was to officiate at the impending ecclesiastical ceremony.
The foundation was to be laid of the reconciliation of all churches in the bosom of the true one at the ceremony.
In the afternoon, Lothair had been long engaged to a match of pigeon-shooting.
Bertram excelled in the pastime of pigeon-shooting.
There was to be a most exciting sweepstakes in pigeon-shooting today.
The flower of England were to compete in the pigeon-shooting sweepstakes.
Lothair was among the competitors in the pigeon-shooting sweepstakes for the first time.
Myocardial infarction is also known as acute myocardial infarction.
Myocardial infarction is commonly known as a heart attack.
Myocardial infarction occurs when blood flow stops to a part of the heart.
The stopping of blood flow causes damage to the heart muscle.
The most common symptom of myocardial infarction is chest pain or discomfort.
Chest pain or discomfort may travel into the shoulder.
Chest pain or discomfort may travel into the arm.
Chest pain or discomfort may travel into the back.
Chest pain or discomfort may travel into the neck.
Chest pain or discomfort may travel into the jaw.
Chest pain or discomfort is often located in the center or left side of the chest.
Chest pain or discomfort lasts for more than a few minutes.
The discomfort may occasionally feel like heartburn.
Other symptoms of myocardial infarction may include shortness of breath.
Other symptoms of myocardial infarction may include nausea.
Other symptoms of myocardial infarction may include feeling faint.
Other symptoms of myocardial infarction may include a cold sweat.
Other symptoms of myocardial infarction may include feeling tired.
About 30% of people have atypical symptoms of myocardial infarction.
Women are more likely than men to present atypically during myocardial infarction.
Among those over 75 years old, about 5% have had a myocardial infarction with little or no history of symptoms.
A myocardial infarction may cause heart failure.
A myocardial infarction may cause an irregular heartbeat.
A myocardial infarction may cause cardiac arrest.
Most myocardial infarctions occur due to coronary artery disease.
Risk factors for myocardial infarction include high blood pressure.
Risk factors for myocardial infarction include smoking.
Risk factors for myocardial infarction include diabetes.
Risk factors for myocardial infarction include lack of exercise.
Risk factors for myocardial infarction include obesity.
Risk factors for myocardial infarction include high blood cholesterol.
Risk factors for myocardial infarction include poor diet.
Risk factors for myocardial infarction include excessive alcohol intake.
The mechanism of a myocardial infarction often involves the complete blockage of a coronary artery.
The complete blockage of a coronary artery is caused by a rupture of an atherosclerotic plaque.
Myocardial infarctions are less commonly caused by coronary artery spasms.
Coronary artery spasms may be due to cocaine.
Coronary artery spasms may be due to significant emotional stress.
Coronary artery spasms may be due to extreme cold.
A number of tests are useful to help with the diagnosis of myocardial infarction.
Useful tests for diagnosing myocardial infarction include electrocardiograms.
Useful tests for diagnosing myocardial infarction include blood tests.
Useful tests for diagnosing myocardial infarction include coronary angiography.
An electrocardiogram may confirm an ST elevation myocardial infarction if ST elevation is present.
Commonly used blood tests for myocardial infarction include troponin.
Less often used blood tests for myocardial infarction include creatine kinase MB.
Throughout time, people have loved music for its ability to transport them into a world of rhythm and melody.
Recently, more and more hospitals and clinics have recognized the power of music.
Music has the ability to comfort patients.
Music has the ability to help cure patients.
Welcome to the world of music therapy.
After each of the two world wars, musicians visited hospitals.
Musicians played instruments for injured soldiers.
Injured soldiers were suffering from emotional and physical pain.
Today's music therapists continue the practice of playing instruments for patients.
Today's music therapists play instruments such as guitars and harps.
Today's music therapists bring comfort to their audiences.
Therapist Eric Mammen encourages his patients at a children's hospital to participate with him as he plays.
During visits with 13-year-old cancer patient Lawrence Garcia, Eric Mammen encourages Lawrence Garcia to beat on electric drums while Eric Mammen plays the guitar.
The therapy won't cure Lawrence Garcia's cancer.
The therapy does take away much of Lawrence Garcia's depression according to Lawrence Garcia's mom.
Music therapy can put patients in better moods.
Music therapy can ease the symptoms of depression according to the American Music Therapy Association.
Other benefits of music therapy include relieving pain.
Other benefits of music therapy include calming tension.
Other benefits of music therapy include aiding sleep.
Other benefits of music therapy include reducing worry or fear.
Other benefits of music therapy include easing muscle tension.
Jose Haro personally experienced the benefits of music therapy when he was recovering from heart surgery.
During his recovery, Jose Haro played a piano whose keys lit up.
The keys of the piano indicated which keys to touch to play along with the background music.
Soon, Jose Haro was playing tunes.
Jose Haro noticed something strange during his experience.
Jose Haro was searching for his pain.
Jose Haro says of his experience that his pain was gone.
Haro's experience provides evidence of the power of music to relieve pain.
Scientific research has proven music helps patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Scientific research has proven music helps patients with arthritis.
Music therapy helps premature babies.
Doctors are tapping into a powerful way to teach premature babies that haven't yet learned how to suck.
Doctors use a device that comforts premature babies by playing music when they suck on a pacifier.
Soon, the premature babies learn to suck in return for music.
Premature babies gain weight faster than those who do not use the device.
Premature babies go home earlier than those who do not use the device.
Even perfectly healthy people are discovering the power of music to calm and heal.
Drum circles attract people who find stress relief in beating out rhythms.
While music is not a cure-all, music does make life a little easier.
Steve Jobs was the designer of the Apple Computer.
Steve Jobs was not quite successful in his early years.
Steve Jobs was not among the best students at school.
Steve Jobs got into trouble with either his schoolmates or his teachers from time to time.
Steve Jobs was full of new ideas.
Few people saw the potential of Steve Jobs' ideas.
Things remained the same for Steve Jobs when he went up to college.
Steve Jobs dropped out of college halfway.
Steve Jobs worked first as a video game designer at Atari.
Steve Jobs worked at Atari for only a few months.
Steve Jobs set out to tour India after working at Atari.
Steve Jobs hoped that the trip to India would give him more ideas.
Steve Jobs hoped that the trip to India would give him a change in life for the better.
After returning from India, Steve Jobs began to live on a farm in California.
In 1975, Steve Jobs set about making a new type of computer.
Steve Jobs designed the Apple Computer in his bedroom.
Steve Jobs built the Apple Computer in his garage.
Steve Jobs gave the name 'Apple' to the computer because it reminded him of a happy summer he once spent on an orchard in Oregon.
The Apple Computer was so successful that Steve Jobs soon became worldwide famous.
Steve Jobs died of illness in 2011.
The Nobel Prize in Literature has been awarded annually since 1901.
The Nobel Prize in Literature is awarded to an author from any country.
The Nobel Prize in Literature is awarded based on the criteria outlined in the will of Alfred Nobel.
Alfred Nobel's will states that the prize is for the most outstanding work in an ideal direction in the field of literature.
In the original Swedish, Alfred Nobel's will states: 'den som inom litteraturen har producerat det mest framstende verket i en idealisk riktning'.
The term 'work' refers to an author's work as a whole.
The Swedish Academy decides who will receive the Nobel Prize in Literature in any given year.
The Swedish Academy announces the name of the chosen laureate in early October.
The Nobel Prize in Literature is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895.
The other Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, the Nobel Prize in Physics, the Nobel Peace Prize, and the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
The Nobel Prize in Literature has become the world's most prestigious literature prize.
The Swedish Academy has attracted significant criticism for its handling of the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Many authors who have won the Nobel Prize in Literature have fallen into obscurity.
Some authors who were rejected by the jury remain widely studied and read.
Ruben Daro is an example of an author who was rejected by the jury but remains widely studied and read.
The Nobel Prize in Literature has become widely seen as a political prize.
The Nobel Prize in Literature is described as a peace prize in literary disguise.
The judges of the Nobel Prize in Literature are perceived to be prejudiced against authors with different political tastes.
Tim Parks has expressed skepticism about the ability of Swedish professors to compare poets and novelists from different countries.
As of 2016, 16 of the 113 recipients of the Nobel Prize in Literature have been of Scandinavian origin.
The Academy has often been alleged to be biased towards European authors.
The Academy has been particularly alleged to be biased towards Swedish authors.
Sabaree Mitra is an Indian academic who has noted the significance of the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Sabaree Mitra has stated that the Nobel Prize in Literature tends to overshadow other awards.
Sabaree Mitra has also stated that the Nobel Prize in Literature is not the only benchmark of literary excellence.
Annie was helping her little brother Max pick flowers from the garden.
Annie and Max wanted to put the flowers in a jar.
Annie and Max wanted to put the jar of flowers on the kitchen table.
Mother's Day was the next day.
Their mother loved fresh flowers.
Annie and Max picked flowers.
Annie and Max put the flowers in a jar.
Max asked Annie if they could have a snack.
Annie took Max into the kitchen.
Annie got out an apple to slice up.
Annie and Max sat down at the table.
Annie and Max looked at the flowers.
Annie and Max ate their apple slices.
There was a window in the kitchen.
The window let in sunlight.
Max pointed at one of the roses in the jar.
Max said, 'There's something moving on that rose.'
Annie looked more closely at the flowers.
Annie identified the moving object as a ladybug.
Annie said, 'We need to take it back outside.'
The ladybug began flying around the kitchen.
Max jumped up and ran around trying to catch the ladybug.
Max clapped his hands around the ladybug.
Annie said, 'Careful!'
Max walked outside.
Max let the ladybug go.
A high-speed car accident in Florida has left the teenage son of wrestling star Hulk Hogan seriously injured.
A companion of Nick Hogan is in critical condition.
The accident occurred late Sunday.
TV footage shows a person injured in Nick Hogan's car crash being treated in an ambulance.
Nick Bollea is 17 years old.
Nick Bollea was the driver of a Toyota Supra.
The Toyota Supra went out of control while driving at a high rate of speed.
The incident occurred about 7:30 p.m. Sunday.
Wayne Shelor is a spokesman for the Clearwater police in Clearwater, Florida.
The car inexplicably left the roadway.
The car jumped across a raised median.
The car slammed into a palm tree just east of downtown.
The car was destroyed in the accident.
Firefighters had to extract Nick Bollea and his passenger from the wreckage.
The identity of Nick Bollea's passenger was not immediately released.
Both Nick Bollea and his passenger were flown to a hospital in nearby St. Petersburg, Florida.
Nick Bollea's father, Hulk Hogan, is at the hospital.
Hulk Hogan is one of the top professional wrestlers of the 1980s and 1990s.
Hulk Hogan is featured in the VH1 reality show 'Hogan Knows Best.'
Hulk Hogan's son, wife Linda, and daughter Brooke regularly appear on the show.
One episode of 'Hogan Knows Best' documented Nick Bollea's interest in a type of high-speed car racing known as 'drifting.'
Wayne Shelor said there was no evidence of drag racing or drifting in Sunday's wreck.
Police said Nick Bollea, known to viewers as 'Nick Hogan,' was not as seriously hurt as his passenger.
Michael Jackson had a level of hero worship on a par with Elvis Presley.
Michael Jackson had a level of hero worship on a par with the Beatles.
Michael Jackson was the first black star to inspire a massive following around the world.
Michael Jackson was the ultimate showman.
Michael Jackson craved attention.
Michael Jackson was rarely disappointed in his quest for attention.
Total worldwide sales of more than 350 million records occurred over Michael Jackson's 40-year career.
The total worldwide sales of more than 350 million records give a hint of the adoration for the 'King of Pop.'
Michael Jackson's death came on the eve of a comeback tour in London.
Michael Jackson's devotees will feel even more bereft due to the timing of his death.
Michael Jackson's career and wealth had waned greatly in recent years.
There was still enough support for Michael Jackson's concerts to sell out at a rate of nearly 40,000 tickets an hour.
Fans from Japan queued to buy tickets for Michael Jackson's concerts.
Fans from Germany queued to buy tickets for Michael Jackson's concerts.
Fans from Dubai queued to buy tickets for Michael Jackson's concerts.
Steve Greenberg was the founder and CEO of S-Curve Records.
Steve Greenberg was a disc jockey in Tel Aviv, Israel, when 'Thriller' first dropped.
Steve Greenberg witnessed first-hand how Michael Jackson became an international icon.
Michael Jackson had a global appeal among fans and artists worldwide, according to Steve Greenberg.
Michael Jackson was as big in the Middle East as he was in America and Europe, according to Steve Greenberg.
Michael Jackson had universality that not many people had, according to Steve Greenberg.
The Beatles had universality.
Muhammad Ali had universality.
Not many other people have had universality, according to Steve Greenberg.
Michael Jackson was known for far more than his music.
Rev. Al Sharpton was a U.S. civil rights campaigner.
Rev. Al Sharpton paid tribute to Michael Jackson after his death was announced in Los Angeles.
Rev. Al Sharpton referred to Michael Jackson as a 'trailblazer' in helping people around the world through his charities.
Linda Henkel is a scientist at Fairfield University in the US.
Linda Henkel remembers an experience at the Grand Canyon years ago.
Someone came up to the Grand Canyon's edge.
The person took a shot with their camera.
The person then walked away, feeling like they had completed the task.
The person barely glanced at the magnificent scene sprawling in front of them.
Linda Henkel was surprised by how obsessed people are with taking pictures these days.
People take pictures before dinner.
People take pictures during friends' birthday parties.
People take pictures on museum tours.
People believe that taking pictures helps record the moment.
Linda Henkel's latest study found that this obsession may prevent people's brains from remembering what actually happened.
The Guardian reported on Linda Henkel's study.
In her study, Linda Henkel led a group of college students around a museum.
Linda Henkel asked the college students to simply observe 15 objects.
Linda Henkel also asked the college students to photograph 15 other objects.
The next day, the students' memory of the tour was tested.
The results showed that the students were less accurate in recognizing the objects they photographed.
The students remembered fewer details about the objects they photographed.
When people rely on technology to remember for them, it can have a negative effect on how well they remember their experiences.
Linda Henkel explained that counting on the camera to record the event means people do not need to attend to it fully themselves.
There is an exception to the negative effect of photographing objects.
If students zoomed in to photograph part of an object, their memory actually improved.
Students who focused the lens on a specific area could recall parts that weren't in the frame.
The study suggests that constantly taking pictures can harm memory.
Reviewing pictures taken should help wake up memories.
This is true only if people spend enough time reviewing the pictures.
Linda Henkel stated that in order to remember, people have to access and interact with the photos.
Most people never take the time to look over their digital pictures.
The reason most people do not review their digital pictures is that there are too many of them.
Digital pictures are usually not very organized on people's computers.
Super Bowl 50 was an American football game.
Super Bowl 50 was held to determine the champion of the National Football League for the 2015 season.
The American Football Conference champion was the Denver Broncos.
The Denver Broncos defeated the National Football Conference champion Carolina Panthers 2410.
The Denver Broncos earned their third Super Bowl title.
The game was played on February 7, 2016.
The game took place at Levi's Stadium.
Levi's Stadium is located in the San Francisco Bay Area at Santa Clara, California.
The league emphasized the 'golden anniversary' for the 50th Super Bowl.
The league implemented various gold-themed initiatives for the 50th Super Bowl.
The league temporarily suspended the tradition of naming each Super Bowl game with Roman numerals.
Under the Roman numeral tradition, the game would have been known as 'Super Bowl L'.
The logo of Super Bowl 50 prominently featured the Arabic numerals 50.
The Carolina Panthers finished the regular season with a 151 record.
Cam Newton was named the NFL Most Valuable Player.
The Carolina Panthers defeated the Arizona Cardinals 4915 in the NFC Championship Game.
The Carolina Panthers advanced to their second Super Bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995.
The Denver Broncos finished the regular season with a 124 record.
The Denver Broncos denied the New England Patriots a chance to defend their title from Super Bowl XLIX.
The Denver Broncos defeated the New England Patriots 2018 in the AFC Championship Game.
The Denver Broncos joined the New England Patriots, Dallas Cowboys, and Pittsburgh Steelers as one of four teams that have made eight appearances in the Super Bowl.
Tom and Joseph are best friends.
Tom and Joseph spent their summer vacation in Africa.
Tom and Joseph were walking through the desert.
Tom and Joseph started to argue about something.
Tom became very angry.
Tom slapped Joseph in the face.
Joseph felt hurt.
Joseph did not say anything to Tom.
Joseph wrote in the sand.
Joseph wrote: 'Today my best friend slapped me in the face.'
Tom and Joseph kept on walking.
Tom and Joseph found a small lake.
Tom and Joseph decided to have a bath.
Joseph got in the water.
Joseph started to sink.
Tom jumped in after Joseph.
Tom pulled Joseph out of the water.
Tom saved Joseph's life.
After Joseph became well again, Joseph wrote on a stone.
Joseph wrote: 'Today my best friend saved my life.'
Tom could not understand Joseph's writing.
Tom asked Joseph: 'After I hurt you, you wrote in the sand. Now you write on a stone. Why?'
Joseph answered Tom.
Joseph said: 'But when someone does something good for us, we must write it on stones so that no wind can ever take it away.'
For millions of years, sharks have been the kings of the oceans.
Sharks are at the top of the food chain.
These days, the hunter has become the hunted.
The hunter has become the hunted because of better methods from commercial fishermen.
Commercial fishermen are looking for fins to make expensive soup.
The expensive soup is sold mostly in Asia.
Shark fins are far more valuable than shark meat.
Fishermen cut the fins off live sharks.
Fishermen throw the sharks overboard to maximize the catch they bring back.
Shark finning is illegal in the United States.
There are tournament sport fishermen who target and kill the biggest sharks.
Tournament sport fishermen take the biggest sharks from the sea.
These tournaments can have prizes that reach $5,000 or more.
These tournaments attract large crowds of anglers.
These tournaments draw protests from animal rights groups.
These tournaments draw protests from environmentalists.
The competitors say they are enjoying a fun and legal sport.
The competitors claim the impact on the overall shark population is very small.
Most of the sharks caught in these tournaments are returned to the ocean.
Dave Johnson is from Kennebunkport, Maine.
Dave Johnson said no one ever comes close to the limit set by the government.
The government limit is killing one shark per day during the three-month season.
Dave Johnson enjoys watching sharks.
Dave Johnson enjoys catching and releasing sharks.
Dave Johnson very rarely kills and eats sharks.
Dave Johnson said if he thought killing one shark was endangering the species, he would stop doing it tomorrow.
Marine biologists like Luke Tipple want the killing of sharks to stop.
Luke Tipple believes that targeting threatened shark populations should stop.
Up to 73 million sharks are killed annually.
Many shark species are at risk of extinction.
For some time after the conclusion of the race, Bashti stood talking with his head men.
Agno was among Bashti's head men.
Lenerengo was similarly engaged with several old cronies.
Jerry lay off to one side where Bashti had forgotten him.
The wild-dog that Jerry had bullied on the _Arangi_ came up and sniffed at Jerry.
At first, the wild-dog sniffed at a distance, ready for instant flight.
Then the wild-dog drew cautiously closer to Jerry.
Jerry watched the wild-dog with smouldering eyes.
At the moment the wild-dog's nose touched Jerry, Jerry uttered a warning growl.
The wild-dog sprang back and whirled away in headlong flight for a score of yards.
The wild-dog learned that he was not pursued after fleeing.
Again, the wild-dog came back cautiously.
It was the instinct in the wild-dog to stalk wild game.
The wild-dog crouched so close to the ground that almost his belly touched the ground.
The wild-dog lifted and dropped his feet with the lithe softness of a cat.
From time to time, the wild-dog glanced to the right and to the left as if in apprehension of some flank attack.
A noisy outburst of boys' laughter in the distance caused the wild-dog to crouch suddenly down.
The wild-dog's claws were thrust into the ground for purchase.
The wild-dog's muscles were tense springs for the leap he knew not in what direction.
The wild-dog faced danger he knew not what that might threaten him.
Then the wild-dog identified the noise and knew that no harm impended.
The wild-dog resumed his stealthy advance on the Irish terrier.
What might have happened there is no telling.
At that moment, Bashti's eyes chanced to rest on the golden puppy for the first time since the capture of the _Arangi_.
In the rush of events, Bashti had forgotten the golden puppy.
Timmy had the best grandmother ever.
Timmy's grandmother was very nice.
Timmy's grandmother would always help Timmy when Timmy needed help with his homework.
Timmy's grandmother would sit down with Timmy in the kitchen.
Timmy's grandmother would help Timmy with his spelling every night.
Timmy's grandmother would go back to the living room.
Timmy's grandmother would watch television when Timmy worked on his math.
Timmy's grandmother would cook Timmy a big dinner.
Timmy and Timmy's grandmother would both eat the big dinner together.
Timmy's mom and dad came to pick Timmy up.
When Timmy went home, Timmy would sometimes call Timmy's grandmother to say hello.
Even when Timmy's grandmother was sleepy, she would talk with Timmy.
Timmy's grandmother would tell Timmy a bedtime story.
One time, Timmy's grandmother told Timmy a story about Timmy's grandfather.
Timmy's grandfather had been a farmer.
Timmy loved the story about Timmy's grandfather.
Timmy never got to meet Timmy's grandfather.
One day, Timmy wanted to be like Timmy's grandfather.
Timmy wanted to be a farmer.
Sir Elton Hercules John was born Reginald Kenneth Dwight on 25 March 1947.
Sir Elton Hercules John is an English singer.
Sir Elton Hercules John is a pianist.
Sir Elton Hercules John is a composer.
Sir Elton Hercules John has worked with lyricist Bernie Taupin as his songwriting partner since 1967.
Sir Elton Hercules John and Bernie Taupin have collaborated on more than 30 albums to date.
In his five-decade career, Sir Elton Hercules John has sold more than 300 million records.
Sir Elton Hercules John is one of the best-selling music artists in the world.
Sir Elton Hercules John has more than fifty Top 40 hits.
Sir Elton Hercules John has seven consecutive No. 1 US albums.
Sir Elton Hercules John has 58 'Billboard' Top 40 singles.
Sir Elton Hercules John has 27 Top 10 singles.
Sir Elton Hercules John has four No. 2 singles.
Sir Elton Hercules John has nine No. 1 singles.
For 31 consecutive years from 1970 to 2000, Sir Elton Hercules John had at least one song in the 'Billboard' Hot 100.
Sir Elton Hercules John's tribute single, 'Candle in the Wind 1997', was re-penned in dedication to the late Princess Diana.
'Candle in the Wind 1997' sold over 33 million copies worldwide.
'Candle in the Wind 1997' is the best-selling single in the history of the UK and US singles charts.
Sir Elton Hercules John has composed music.
Sir Elton Hercules John has produced records.
Sir Elton Hercules John has occasionally acted in films.
Sir Elton Hercules John owned Watford Football Club from 1976 to 1987.
Sir Elton Hercules John owned Watford Football Club from 1997 to 2002.
Sir Elton Hercules John is an honorary Life President of Watford Football Club.
In 2014, a stand was named after Sir Elton Hercules John at Watford Football Club's home stadium.
Sir Elton Hercules John was raised in the Pinner area of London.
Sir Elton Hercules John learned to play piano at an early age.
By 1962, Sir Elton Hercules John had formed Bluesology.
Sir Elton Hercules John met his songwriting partner, Bernie Taupin, in 1967.
Sir Elton Hercules John and Bernie Taupin both answered an advert for songwriters.
For two years, Sir Elton Hercules John and Bernie Taupin wrote songs for other artists, including Lulu.
Sir Elton Hercules John also worked as a session musician for artists such as the Hollies and the Scaffold.
In 1969, Sir Elton Hercules John's debut album, 'Empty Sky', was released.
In 1970, a single titled 'Your Song' from Sir Elton Hercules John's second album, 'Elton John', reached the top ten in the UK and the US.
'Your Song' was Sir Elton Hercules John's first hit single.
After decades of commercial chart success, Sir Elton Hercules John has also achieved success in musical theatre.
Sir Elton Hercules John has achieved success in the West End.
Sir Elton Hercules John has achieved success on Broadway.
Sir Elton Hercules John composed the music for 'The Lion King' (film and musical).
Sir Elton Hercules John composed the music for 'Aida'.
Sir Elton Hercules John composed the music for 'Billy Elliot the Musical'.
Harry is a boy with a learning disability.
On Harry's fourth birthday, Harry was given a pug called Millie.
Two weeks after Millie's arrival, Harry was happier and calmer.
Harry said his first words, 'dog' and 'mummy'.
Just two months later, thieves stole Millie.
Now the heartbroken little boy, Harry, is back to where he started.
Harry has refused to talk since losing his best friend, Millie.
Harry's mother was worried.
Harry's mother gave him another dog.
Harry just pushed the new dog away.
Mrs. Hainsworth is Harry's mother.
Mrs. Hainsworth says, 'My son is very sad.'
Harry will go over to the new dog's cage and just beat on the bars.
There is no word coming out from Harry, but it is known that he is screaming 'Where is Millie' inside.
Millie was really Harry's best friend.
Harry and Millie would play together happily for hours.
None of Harry's toys has ever held his attention that long.
Now Harry has just completely turned quiet again.
Harry suffers from a condition which affects his ability to speak and move.
The presence of Millie achieved more in days than months of speech therapy and physiotherapy had.
Mrs. Hainsworth says, 'My son was so happy when he saw Millie.'
Being with Millie changed Harry.
Within two weeks, Harry had said his first words and was working on saying 'dad'.
Just last week, Harry's teachers and Mrs. Hainsworth were saying how much Millie had helped Harry.
Now this situation has occurred.
Mrs. Hainsworth is considering buying another pug in the hope that her son, Harry, will accept it.
Maureen Hennis is associated with the charity, Pets as Therapy.
Maureen Hennis says she has seen many cases of dogs helping people with speech problems.
Maureen Hennis says, 'People may talk to a dog when they wouldn't like to talk to another human.'
A dog doesn't care if words come out wrong.
Providence is the capital of the U.S. state of Rhode Island.
Providence is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Rhode Island.
Providence was founded in 1636.
Providence is one of the oldest cities in the United States.
Providence was founded by Roger Williams.
Roger Williams was a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
Roger Williams named the area in honor of 'God's merciful Providence'.
Roger Williams believed that 'God's merciful Providence' was responsible for revealing a haven for him and his followers to settle.
The city of Providence is situated at the mouth of the Providence River.
The city of Providence is located at the head of Narragansett Bay.
Providence was one of the first cities in the country to industrialize.
Providence became noted for its textile manufacturing.
Providence became noted for its subsequent machine tool industry.
Providence became noted for its jewelry industry.
Providence became noted for its silverware industry.
Today, the city of Providence is home to eight hospitals.
Today, the city of Providence is home to seven institutions of higher learning.
The institutions of higher learning have shifted the city's economy into service industries.
The city of Providence still retains some manufacturing activity.
The city of Providence was once nicknamed the 'Beehive of Industry'.
The city of Providence began rebranding itself as the 'Creative Capital' in 2009.
The rebranding as the 'Creative Capital' emphasizes the educational resources and arts community of Providence.
The city of Providence is located in Providence County.
Providence is the third most populous city in New England.
Boston is the most populous city in New England.
Worcester is the second most populous city in New England.
Providence has a city population of 179,154.
Providence is part of the Providence metropolitan area.
The Providence metropolitan area extends into southern Massachusetts.
The Providence metropolitan area has an estimated population of 1,604,291.
The estimated population of the Providence metropolitan area exceeds that of Rhode Island as a whole by about 60%.
The Providence metropolitan area can be considered part of the Greater Boston commuting area.
The Greater Boston commuting area contains 7.6 million people.
Einstein's connection with the politics of the nuclear bomb is well known.
Einstein signed the letter to President Franklin Roosevelt.
The letter to President Franklin Roosevelt persuaded the United States to take the idea of the nuclear bomb seriously.
Einstein engaged in postwar efforts to prevent nuclear war.
Einstein's actions were not just the isolated actions of a scientist dragged into the world of politics.
Einstein's life was divided between politics and equations.
Einstein was sickened by the waste of human lives during the First World War.
Einstein became involved in antiwar demonstrations.
Einstein's support of civil disobedience did little to endear him to his colleagues.
Following the First World War, Einstein directed his efforts toward reconciliation.
Einstein aimed to improve international relations.
Einstein's politics made it difficult for him to visit the United States.
Einstein's second great cause was Zionism.
Einstein was Jewish.
Einstein rejected the idea of God.
A growing awareness of anti-Semitism led Einstein to identify with the Jewish community.
Einstein became an outspoken supporter of Zionism.
Einstein's theories came under attack.
One man was accused of motivating others to murder Einstein.
The man accused of motivating others to murder Einstein was fined a mere six dollars.
A book was published entitled 100 Authors Against Einstein.
Einstein retorted to the book 100 Authors Against Einstein, saying, 'If I were wrong, then one would have been enough!'
When Hitler came to power, Einstein was in America.
Einstein declared he would not return to Germany.
Nazi forces attacked Einstein's house.
Nazi forces confiscated Einstein's bank account.
A Berlin newspaper displayed the headline 'Good News from Einstein--He's Not Coming Back.'
Einstein feared that German scientists would build a nuclear bomb.
Einstein proposed that the United States should develop its own nuclear bomb.
Einstein publicly warned of the dangers of nuclear war.
Einstein proposed international control of nuclear weaponry.
Einstein's efforts toward peace probably achieved little.
Einstein's efforts toward peace won him few friends.
Einstein's support of the Zionist cause was recognized in 1952.
Einstein was offered the presidency of Israel in 1952.
Einstein declined the presidency of Israel.
Einstein said he was too naive in politics.
Einstein's real reason for declining the presidency of Israel was perhaps different.
Einstein stated, 'Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity.'
Liverpool is a city in North West England.
Liverpool had an estimated population of 478,580 in 2015.
With its surrounding areas, Liverpool is the fifth-largest metropolitan area in the UK.
Liverpool had over 2.24 million people in 2011.
The local authority of Liverpool is Liverpool City Council.
Liverpool City Council is the most populous local government district within the metropolitan county of Merseyside.
Liverpool City Council is the largest local government district within the Liverpool City Region.
Liverpool is located on the eastern side of the Mersey Estuary.
Historically, Liverpool lay within the ancient hundred of West Derby.
West Derby is located in the south west of the county of Lancashire.
Liverpool became a borough in 1207.
Liverpool became a city in 1880.
In 1889, Liverpool became a county borough independent of Lancashire.
The growth of Liverpool as a major port was paralleled by the expansion of the city throughout the Industrial Revolution.
Liverpool handled general cargo, freight, and raw materials such as coal and cotton.
The city merchants in Liverpool were involved in the Atlantic slave trade.
In the 19th century, Liverpool was a major port of departure for Irish and English emigrants to the United States.
Liverpool was home to the Cunard Line.
Liverpool was home to the White Star Line.
Liverpool was the port of registry of the ocean liner RMS Titanic.
Liverpool was the port of registry of the ocean liner RMS Lusitania.
Liverpool was the port of registry of the ocean liner Queen Mary.
Liverpool was the port of registry of the ocean liner Olympic.
Weather has a strong effect on people.
Weather influences health.
Weather influences intelligence.
Weather influences feelings.
In August, it is very hot and wet in the southern part of the United States.
People in the southern part of the United States easily have heart trouble during August.
People in the southern part of the United States easily have other kinds of health problems during August.
In the Northeast and the Middle West, it is hot at some times.
In the Northeast and the Middle West, it is very cold at other times.
People in the Northeast and the Middle West will have heart trouble after the weather changes in February.
People in the Northeast and the Middle West will have heart trouble after the weather changes in March.
The weather can influence intelligence.
In a 1983 study by scientists, the IQ scores of some college students were very high during a storm.
After the storm, the IQ scores of some college students were low.
Storms can increase intelligence.
Very hot weather can decrease intelligence.
Students in many schools of the United States often do badly in exams in July.
Students in many schools of the United States often do badly in exams in August.
Weather has a strong effect on people's feelings.
Winter may be a bad time for thin people.
Thin people usually feel cold during winter months.
Thin people might feel depressed during cold weather.
In hot summer weather, fat people may feel unhappy.
At about 65F, people become stronger.
Low air pressure makes people feel free.
Low air pressure increases forgetfulness.
People leave more bags and umbrellas on buses on low pressure days.
People leave more bags and umbrellas in stores on low pressure days.
There is a 'perfect weather' for work and health.
People feel best at a temperature of about 64F with 65 percent humidity.
The weather may be the reason for feelings of sickness, sadness, tiredness, forgetfulness, or high intelligence.
At night returning, every labour sped, Steadfast sits down, the monarch of a shed.
Another day made it certain that the garrison of Bristol had surrendered to the besiegers.
A few shots were heard.
The shots were only fired in rejoicing by the Royalists.
Steadfast was studying his barley field.
The barley field was already silvered over by its long beards.
Steadfast was wondering how soon the barley would be ripe.
Steadfast was wondering how he should get the barley cut and stacked.
Steadfast's name was shouted out.
Tom Oates and all the rest of the boys were scampering down the lane.
Tom Oates called out to Steadfast to come along and see.
The Parliament soldiers were coming out and going by.
Steadfast did not have much heart for watching soldiers.
Steadfast thought he might see or hear something of Jephthah.
Steadfast came with the other boys to the bank.
From behind a hedge, the boys could look down at the ranks of soldiers as they marched along.
The soldiers marched five abreast.
The road was not wide enough to hold more than five soldiers abreast.
The soldiers had been allowed to keep their weapons.
The officers had their swords.
The men carried their muskets.
Most of the soldiers looked dull and dispirited.
The officers had very gloomy, displeased faces.
The officers were very angry with their commander, Colonel Fiennes.
Colonel Fiennes was angry for having surrendered so easily.
Colonel Fiennes was brought to a court-martial for having surrendered easily.
Steadfast did not understand the situation.
Steadfast thought only of looking under each steel cap or tall, slouching hat for Jephthah.
Several times a youthful, slender figure raised Steadfast's hopes.
Several times a youthful, slender figure disappointed Steadfast.
Steadfast began to wonder whether Jephthah could have stayed behind in the town.
Steadfast began to wonder if Jephthah could have been hurt and was ill there.
A Russian bookmaking company is offering to pay 100,000 euros for Paul, the prognosticating octopus.
Paul correctly predicted Spain's win in the World Cup.
100,000 euros is about $129,800.
Oleg Zhuravsky is the co-owner of Liga Stavok.
Liga Stavok is known as 'Bet League' in Russian.
Oleg Zhuravsky told CNN that the offer could be increased if need be.
Oleg Zhuravsky stated that they are bookmakers.
Paul currently lives at the Sea Life Center in Oberhausen, Germany.
Oleg Zhuravsky said a representative of the Sea Life Center's public relations firm has told him the offer has been received.
The representative of the Sea Life Center's public relations firm said they are studying the offer.
The firm Dederichs Reinecke and Partner declined the Russian offer.
Dederichs Reinecke and Partner stated that Paul will not be sold to anyone.
Oleg Zhuravsky expressed a desire to see whether Paul can effectively forecast the results of football games.
Oleg Zhuravsky believes Paul could become a good mascot and a good symbol for his bookmaking companies.
Oleg Zhuravsky noted that Paul has international fame like perhaps no other animal across the world does these days.
Oleg Zhuravsky would love to be able to move Paul to Russia.
Oleg Zhuravsky believes both kids and adults would love to see Paul in Russia.
Oleg Zhuravsky stated they are prepared to put Paul in the Moscow City Aquarium if that were the condition.
Oleg Zhuravsky said Paul would be given the best food.
Officials would let Paul forecast the results of the Russian domestic football tournament.
Oleg Zhuravsky thinks forecasting the results of the Russian domestic football tournament is a more difficult task than predicting the World Cup.
Oleg Zhuravsky believes this would boost the profile of the Moscow Aquarium.
Szczecin is the capital and largest city of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland.
Szczecin is located near the Baltic Sea.
Szczecin is located near the German border.
Szczecin is a major seaport.
Szczecin is Poland's seventh-largest city.
As of June 2011, the population of Szczecin was 407,811.
Szczecin is located on the Oder River.
Szczecin is located south of the Szczecin Lagoon.
Szczecin is located south of the Bay of Pomerania.
Szczecin is situated along the southwestern shore of Dbie Lake.
Szczecin is located on both sides of the Oder River.
Szczecin is located on several large islands between the western and eastern branches of the Oder River.
Szczecin is adjacent to the town of Police.
Szczecin is the urban centre of the Szczecin agglomeration.
The Szczecin agglomeration is an extended metropolitan area.
The Szczecin agglomeration includes communities in the German states of Brandenburg and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
The recorded history of Szczecin began in the 8th century.
Szczecin began as a Slavic Pomeranian stronghold.
The stronghold of Szczecin was built at the site of the Ducal castle.
In the 12th century, Szczecin had become one of Pomerania's main urban centres.
Szczecin lost its independence to Piast Poland.
Szczecin lost its independence to the Duchy of Saxony.
Szczecin lost its independence to the Holy Roman Empire.
Szczecin lost its independence to Denmark.
The House of Griffins established themselves as local rulers in Szczecin.
The population of Szczecin was Christianized.
German settlers arrived in Szczecin from Western European states.
The native Slavic population of Szczecin was subjected to discrimination.
The native Slavic population of Szczecin experienced Germanization in the following centuries.
Between 1237 and 1243, the town of Szczecin was rebuilt.
Szczecin was granted extensive autonomy rights.
Szczecin eventually joined the Hanseatic League.
Greece is a developed country.
The economy of Greece is based on the service sector.
The service sector accounts for 82.8% of Greece's economy.
The economy of Greece is based on the industrial sector.
The industrial sector accounts for 13.3% of Greece's economy.
The agricultural sector contributed 3.9% of national economic output in Greece in 2015.
Important Greek industries include tourism.
Important Greek industries include shipping.
Greece had 18 million international tourists in 2013.
Greece was the 7th most visited country in the European Union in 2013.
Greece was the 16th most visited country in the world in 2013.
The Greek Merchant Navy is the largest merchant navy in the world.
Greek-owned vessels account for 15% of global deadweight tonnage as of 2013.
The increased demand for international maritime transportation between Greece and Asia has resulted in unprecedented investment in the shipping industry.
Greece is a significant agricultural producer within the European Union.
Greece has the largest economy in the Balkans.
Greece is an important regional investor.
Greece was the largest foreign investor in Albania in 2013.
Greece was the third largest foreign investor in Bulgaria in 2013.
Greece was in the top-three foreign investors in Romania in 2013.
Greece was in the top-three foreign investors in Serbia in 2013.
Greece is the most important trading partner of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Greece is the largest foreign investor in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
The Greek telecommunications company OTE has become a strong investor in former Yugoslavia.
The Greek telecommunications company OTE has become a strong investor in other Balkan countries.
It was noon when Harding returned to camp.
Harding was ragged and exhausted.
Clarke was limping after Harding.
Clarke was in an even more pitiable state than Harding.
Clarke had suffered badly from the hurried march.
Harding would brook no delay.
The grim hints Harding had been given encouraged him to the utmost exertion he was capable of.
Blake was alive.
When Harding bent over Blake, he feared that help had come too late.
Blake's skin looked harsh and dry.
Blake's face had grown hollow.
Blake's thick strong hair had turned lank and was falling out.
Blake's eyes were vacant and unrecognizing when he turned them upon Harding.
The American said to Clarke, 'Here's your patient.'
The American expected Clarke to cure Blake.
The American told Clarke that he had better get to work at once.
The American's face grew troubled as he asked Benson how long Blake had been like that.
Benson said, 'The last two days.'
Benson was afraid that Blake was very bad.
Harding sat down with a smothered groan.
Every muscle in Harding's body seemed to ache.
Harding could scarcely hold himself upright.
Harding's heart was heavy.
Harding would miss Blake terribly.
It was hard for Harding to think of going on without Blake.
Harding feared that going on without Blake was inevitable.
Harding was filled with a deep pity for the helpless man.
After a few moments, Harding's weary face grew stern.
Harding had done all that he was able.
Clarke must do his part.
Harding believed Clarke to be a man of high medical skill.
If Clarke were unsuccessful, it would be the worse for Clarke.
The chapter is titled 'CHAPTER I.'
The phrase 'Nerei repandirostrum incurvicervicum pecus' is included in the text.
The setting is described as a dingy, swashy, splashy afternoon in October.
A school-yard is filled with a mob of riotous boys.
A lot of boys are standing outside the school-yard.
A dull, crashing sound suddenly came from the school-room.
The dull, crashing sound caused the narrator to shudder involuntarily.
The narrator called to Smithsye.
The narrator asked Smithsye, 'What's up, Smithums?'
Smithsye replied that Guy was cleaning out the fourth form.
At the same moment, George de Coverly passed the narrator.
George de Coverly was holding his nose.
Bright Norman blood streamed redly from George de Coverly's nose.
Smithsye laughingly addressed George de Coverly as 'Cully!'
Smithsye asked George de Coverly, 'how's his nibs?'
The narrator pushed the door of the school-room open.
There are some spectacles which a man never forgets.
The burning of Troy probably seemed a large-sized conflagration to the pious Aeneas.
The burning of Troy made an impression on Aeneas which he carried away with the feeble Anchises.
In the center of the room stood Guy Heavystone alone.
Guy Heavystone was lightly brandishing the piston-rod of a steam-engine.
The pile of small boys on the floor in the corner could hardly be called company.
Guy Heavystone was then only fifteen years old.
Guy Heavystone had a broad, deep chest.
Guy Heavystone had a sinewy and quivering flank.
Guy Heavystone had a straight pastern.
Guy Heavystone showed himself to be a thoroughbred.
Guy Heavystone was perhaps a trifle heavy in the fetlock.
Guy Heavystone held his head haughtily erect.
Guy Heavystone's eyes were glittering but pitiless.
There was a sternness about the lower part of Guy Heavystone's face.
The sternness about Guy Heavystone's face was the old Heavystone look.
The sternness about Guy Heavystone's face was heightened by the snaffle-bit he wore in his mouth.
Guy Heavystone wore the snaffle-bit to curb his occasional ferocity.
Guy Heavystone's dress was well adapted to his square-set and herculean frame.
Guy Heavystone wore a striped knit undershirt.
Guy Heavystone wore close-fitting striped tights.
A few spangles set off Guy Heavystone's figure.
Guy Heavystone wore a neat Glengarry cap on his head.
The Heavystone crest displayed on Guy Heavystone's cap featured a cock regardant on a dunghill.
The motto displayed on Guy Heavystone's cap was 'Devil a better!'
There was a six year old little girl named Megan.
Megan lived in a big house with her family.
Megan had two dogs.
Megan had a brother.
Megan had a sister.
Megan had a mom.
Megan had a dad.
Every day, Megan woke up and went to kindergarten.
Every day, Megan played outside.
Every day, Megan watched movies.
Sometimes, Megan's family would go to a rollercoaster park.
Megan's mom would always try to get Megan to ride the big rides.
Megan was afraid of the big rides.
Megan wanted to stay in Snoopyland.
For two years, Megan stayed in the little kid section of the park.
Megan's big brother had to babysit Megan.
Megan's big brother was getting mad because Megan would not try new rides.
Megan cried more and more.
One day, Megan got brave.
Megan went on a little bigger musical ride that went around in circles pretty fast.
Megan got off the ride and loved it.
Megan's mom said to Megan, 'Okay, let's go on the big kid rides now!'
Megan was afraid again.
Megan cried and cried.
For the rest of that summer, Megan stayed in the little kid section.
For the rest of that summer, Megan went on little rides.
The next summer, Megan's brother brought his girlfriend home.
Megan's brother's girlfriend's name was Sara.
Sara was older than Megan.
Sara loved big rides.
Megan liked Sara a lot.
Megan wanted to make Sara like her.
When Sara asked Megan if she would ride on bigger rides, Megan said yes.
Megan went on her first real rollercoaster, Thunderhawk.
Megan was frightened at first.
When Megan stepped off the ride, she loved it like she had loved the other ride last year.
Sara asked Megan if she wanted to go on the biggest ride in the park.
Megan was afraid of the biggest ride.
Megan wanted to show Sara how big she was.
At the beginning of the biggest ride, Megan was afraid.
Megan was about to start crying when they went down the first big hill.
Megan's stomach was tickled.
Megan began laughing really loud.
Megan stepped off the ride with a huge smile on her face.
Megan was very proud.
Megan was no longer afraid of the big rides.
Megan enjoyed riding the big rides for the rest of her life.
Harry walked away from the house in Bolton street.
Harry hardly knew whether he was on his heels or his head.
Burton told Harry not to dress for the occasion.
Burton stated, 'We don't give dress dinner parties, you know.'
Burton indicated that the gathering was all in the family way.
Harry went directly from Bolton street to Onslow Crescent.
Harry managed to keep the proper course down Piccadilly.
Harry was in such confusion of mind that he hardly knew whither he was going.
It seemed as though a new form of life had been opened to Harry.
The new form of life had been opened in such a way as almost necessarily to engulf Harry.
Lady Ongar's history was terrible.
Lady Ongar's life was strange.
Harry was called upon to form a part of Lady Ongar's history.
Harry was called upon to join himself in some sort with Lady Ongar's life.
Lady Ongar was a countess.
Lady Ongar had wealth.
Lady Ongar had rank.
Lady Ongar had beauty.
Lady Ongar had bright intellect.
Lady Ongar called Harry to her.
Lady Ongar told Harry that he was her only friend.
Harry promised his friendship to Lady Ongar.
Harry could not have failed to give such a promise to Lady Ongar.
Harry had loved Lady Ongar very well.
Harry wondered what such a promise must lead to.
Harry considered what such a promise must not have led to had it not been for Florence Burton.
Florence Burton was young.
Florence Burton was free.
Florence Burton was rich.
Florence Burton made no pretence of regret for the husband she had lost.
Florence Burton spoke of her husband as though she hardly regarded herself as his wife.
Florence Burton was the same Julia whom Harry had loved.
Julia had loved Harry.
Julia had jilted Harry.
Harry had once resolved to lead a wretched, lonely life in regret for Julia.
Harry thought that Julia must expect him to renew their past relationship.
Harry questioned whether Julia knew of his engagement.
Harry wondered why Julia had not spoken of his engagement if she knew it.
Jackie Robinson walked onto Ebbets Field in Brooklyn, New York, on April 15, 1947.
Jackie Robinson changed baseball forever.
Jackie Robinson was the first African American to play in the Major League in modern times.
Many believe that Jackie Robinson changed the country forever.
Jackie Robinson was born in 1919.
Jackie Robinson lived in a time when rules controlled what African Americans could do.
Jackie Robinson was a top athlete.
Jackie Robinson played football, basketball, and baseball.
Playing for a Major League team was off limits to Jackie Robinson because of his race.
Branch Rickey was the president and manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Branch Rickey signed Jackie Robinson in 1947.
Branch Rickey believed that Jackie Robinson not only had the skills, but the courage to face the challenge of becoming modern baseball's first black player.
It wasn't easy for Jackie Robinson.
Jackie Robinson sometimes faced boos from fans.
Jackie Robinson became a star, anyway.
In 1962, Jackie Robinson became the first African-American player chosen to enter the Baseball Hall of Fame.
In 2005, Jackie Robinson was awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.
The Congressional Gold Medal is the highest award Congress can give to an American.
By breaking baseball's color barrier, Jackie Robinson opened the door for many to follow his footsteps.
Jackie Robinson opened the door not only in baseball, but in other areas of life as well.
After Jackie Robinson stopped playing the game, Jackie Robinson worked as a manager for a coffee company.
Jackie Robinson wrote a newspaper column.
Jackie Robinson also started a bank.
Claude Monet is one of the most famous French artists.
Claude Monet was particularly interested in the effect of light.
Claude Monet would paint the same scene in different lighting conditions or times of the day.
Claude Monet painted around 20 versions of the Rouen Cathedral from dawn to dusk.
Claude Monet's most famous paintings include his Water Lilies series.
The paintings of Paul Cezanne had a lot of influence in the development of 20th century art.
The development of 20th century art includes Cubism and Fauvism.
Paul Cezanne is one of the most famous French artists.
Paul Cezanne is known as a 'post-impressionist'.
Post-impressionism was similar in some ways to impressionism.
Post-impressionism also broke away from some of the limitations of impressionism.
Famous French paintings by Paul Cezanne include his Bathers series.
Famous French paintings by Paul Cezanne include his Mont St Victoire series.
Henri Matisse was one of the most important famous French artists of the 20th century.
Henri Matisse was considered one of the leaders of the Fauvist movement.
Henri Matisse had a long and varied artistic career.
Henri Matisse painted in different styles ranging from Impressionism to Abstract.
In 1941, Henri Matisse was diagnosed with cancer.
Henri Matisse was forced into a wheelchair due to his cancer diagnosis.
Henri Matisse completed the amazing Chapel of the Rosary in Vence despite his condition.
Edgar Degas is probably one of the most fascinating of all the famous French artists.
Edgar Degas is known as one of the founders of Impressionism.
Edgar Degas's paintings were influenced by classicism, romanticism, and realism.
Edgar Degas's style is very unique.
Edgar Degas was a prolific artist.
Edgar Degas produced over one thousand works.
Edgar Degas is best known for his paintings of ballet dancers.
The person addressed is going to high school.
The person addressed may not know what to do.
There is a list of the top six things to do when in high school.
The listed things will give the person addressed ideas of what high school life could be like.
The first thing to do in high school is to find your passion and what kind of person you are.
The passions can include dance, basketball, or drawing.
The important thing is that the person addressed has found something they are interested in.
The second thing to do in high school is to talk to people you wouldn't usually talk to.
Talking to new people can help the person addressed meet new friends.
The person addressed should even talk to people they don't like.
Talking to different people will show what a great person the person addressed is.
The person addressed never knows what will happen after high school.
The third thing to do in high school is to take part in at least one contest.
Participating in a contest will give the person addressed tears of laughter, happiness, and memories.
The fourth thing to do in high school is to get a job.
Having a job will help the person addressed see what it's like to have responsibility.
Getting a job can also help the person addressed make a little money to spend on themselves.
The fifth thing to do in high school is to take a trip with friends.
It doesn't matter where the person addressed goes or what they do on the trip.
The memories will happen on the way and continue until the final destination.
The sixth thing to do in high school is to do your best at school.
The person addressed should not get lazy.
Working hard now will help the person addressed in the future.
Evangelist Tony Alamo was arrested on Thursday in Flagstaff, Arizona.
The arrest was related to a child porn investigation.
An FBI spokesman provided this information.
Tony Alamo is 74 years old.
Tony Alamo is the founder and leader of Tony Alamo Christian Ministries.
Tony Alamo was arrested without incident at 2:45 p.m. (4:45 p.m. ET).
Tony Alamo was departing the Little America Hotel with his wife at the time of the arrest.
Manuel Johnson is a spokesman for the FBI in Phoenix, Arizona.
The FBI, the Flagstaff Police Department, and the Arizona Department of Public Safety were involved in the arrest.
Tony Alamo was charged under a federal statute.
Tony Alamo was charged with having knowingly transported a minor across state lines with the intent to engage in sexual activity.
Tony Alamo's real name is Bernie Hoffman.
Tony Alamo was taken to Coconino County Jail in Flagstaff.
Tony Alamo is to have an initial appearance on Friday in federal magistrate court.
About 100 federal and state agents raided Tony Alamo's 15-acre compound near Texarkana, Arkansas, over the weekend.
The agents took six children into temporary custody during the raid.
The children were interviewed as part of a two-year investigation into Tony Alamo Christian Ministries.
The investigation aimed to determine whether the children were physically or sexually abused.
Bill Sadler is a representative of the Arkansas State Police.
Tony Alamo denied any wrongdoing when reached by phone on Saturday in Los Angeles, California.
Tony Alamo described the allegations as a hoax.
Tony Alamo claimed that authorities were trying to make his church look evil.
Tony Alamo stated that he is being accused of being a pornographer.
Tony Alamo stated that he is being accused of raping little children.
Tony Alamo expressed that he loves children and does not abuse them.
Tony Alamo claimed he has never abused children and never will.
When asked why authorities were searching the property, Tony Alamo compared himself to Christ.
The best afternoon that the narrator ever had with the narrator's grandfather was when the narrator and the grandfather went down to the river and fished.
The day was a hot July day.
The narrator was bored.
The grandfather was sitting in the backyard.
The grandfather was reading.
The grandfather said, 'Hey, you look like you need some fun.'
The grandfather asked the narrator if the narrator wanted to go fishing.
The narrator said sure.
The grandfather went to the garage.
The grandfather came out with two poles, some hooks, and some fishing line.
Everything was in pieces.
The grandfather showed the narrator how to put everything together.
The narrator asked if the narrator and the grandfather needed worms.
The grandfather said no.
The narrator and the grandfather set off to the river.
The river was only about ten blocks away.
While walking along past the library and the store, the grandfather told the narrator about how the grandfather used to go fishing with the grandfather's friend Steve.
The grandfather and Steve used to catch catfish.
The grandfather and Steve used to take the catfish home so that their mothers could cook them for dinner.
When the narrator and the grandfather got to the park at the river, the grandfather went right to the bank.
The grandfather turned and walked up along the side of the river until the narrator and the grandfather were off in the shade under the trees right at the edge of the park.
The grandfather taught the narrator how to throw the narrator's line in the water.
The narrator and the grandfather sat down to wait.
While the narrator and the grandfather were fishing, the grandfather told the narrator lots of stories about what the grandfather and Steve did as kids.
The narrator and the grandfather did not have any worms.
The narrator and the grandfather never caught any fish.
Sitting there as the grandfather told stories made it a great afternoon for the narrator.
Making pens was a distressing tough job.
The saw was also a distressing tough job.
Jim allowed that the inscription was going to be the toughest of all.
The inscription is the one which the prisoner has to scrabble on the wall.
Tom said that Jim had to have the inscription.
There was no case of a state prisoner not scrabbling his inscription to leave behind.
There was no case of a state prisoner not scrabbling his coat of arms to leave behind.
Tom referenced Lady Jane Grey.
Tom referenced Gilford Dudley.
Tom referenced old Northumberland.
Tom said that Huck should consider the trouble involved.
Tom asked Huck what he was going to do.
Tom asked Huck how he was going to get around the trouble.
Jim had to do his inscription and coat of arms.
All state prisoners do their inscriptions and coat of arms.
Jim said that he did not have a coat of arms.
Jim said that he only had his old shirt.
Jim said that he had to keep the journal on his old shirt.
Tom explained to Jim that a coat of arms is very different.
I said that Jim was right when he said he did not have a coat of arms.
Tom acknowledged that he knew Jim did not have a coat of arms.
Tom said that Jim would have a coat of arms before he goes out.
Tom said that Jim was going out right.
Tom said that there would not be any flaws in Jim's record.
While Huck and Jim filed away at the pens, Jim was making his pen out of brass.
While Huck and Jim filed away at the pens, Huck was making his pen out of a spoon.
Tom set to work to think out the coat of arms.
Tom said that he struck so many good coat of arms ideas that he did not hardly know which to take.
Tom said that there was one coat of arms which he reckoned he would decide on.
The distance from the bottom of the funnel to the floor of the chamber beneath it could not have been great.
All three of the victims of Tario's wrath alighted unscathed.
Carthoris was still clasping Thuvia tightly to his breast.
Carthoris came to the ground catlike, upon his feet.
Carthoris broke the shock for Thuvia.
Scarce had Carthoris's feet touched the rough stone flagging of this new chamber than his sword flashed out ready for instant use.
The room was lighted.
There was no sign of enemy about.
Carthoris looked toward Jav.
Jav was pasty white with fear.
Carthoris asked Jav about their fate.
Carthoris requested Jav to shake off his terror long enough to tell him.
Carthoris wanted to be prepared to sell his life and that of the Princess of Ptarth as dearly as possible.
Jav whispered that they were to be devoured by Komal.
Carthoris asked Jav if Komal was his deity.
The Lotharian nodded his head.
The Lotharian pointed toward a low doorway at one end of the chamber.
The Lotharian stated that Komal would come upon them from the doorway.
The Lotharian advised Carthoris to lay aside his puny sword.
The Lotharian claimed that the sword would enrage Komal more and make their sufferings worse.
Carthoris smiled while gripping his long-sword more firmly.
Presently, Jav gave a horrified moan.
Jav pointed toward the door.
Jav whimpered that Komal had come.
Carthoris and Thuvia looked in the direction Jav had indicated.
Carthoris and Thuvia expected to see some strange and fearful creature in human form.
Carthoris and Thuvia were astonished to see the broad head and great-maned shoulders of a huge banth.
The huge banth was the largest that either Carthoris or Thuvia had ever seen.
On the following morning, Jerry went to work at the bindery as if nothing had happened.
When Jerry went in, Dick Lanning glared at Jerry.
Dick Lanning stopped as if to speak to Jerry.
Dick Lanning changed his mind and walked off without saying a word.
During the day, Jerry became much better acquainted with his work.
Jerry began to like his work.
That night, Jerry left the bindery by the side entrance.
The side entrance opened on a narrow lane.
Jerry saw Dick Lanning and several of Dick Lanning's friends waiting for Jerry.
Jerry attempted to pass by Dick Lanning and his friends.
Dick Lanning put out his foot to trip Jerry.
If Jerry had not stopped, he would have been tripped up.
Jerry said, 'Let me pass,' sharply.
Instead of complying, Dick Lanning took a stand in front of Jerry.
Dick Lanning hit Jerry on the shoulder.
Dick Lanning hissed, 'I said I'd git square.'
Dick Lanning said, 'If yer ain't afraid, stand up and fight.'
Jerry replied, 'I'm not afraid.'
Jerry pushed Dick Lanning up against the wall.
Without delay, a rough-and-tumble fight ensued.
A voice in the crowd shouted, 'Give it to him, Dick!'
Another voice shouted, 'Do the hayseed up!'
A third voice shouted, 'Knock him into the middle of next week!'
These and a dozen other cries arose on the air.
The crowd kept increasing until fully a hundred spectators surrounded Jerry and Dick Lanning.
Dick Lanning caught Jerry unfairly.
Jerry soon managed to shake Dick Lanning off.
Jerry hauled back and gave Dick Lanning a clean blow on the end of Dick Lanning's unusually long nose.
The blow caused blood to spurt from Dick Lanning's nose in a stream.
Christian Bale armors himself, keeps other people guessing, and likes to wear a mask.
Christian Bale is known as a hard worker.
Christian Bale immerses himself in his characters.
Christian Bale is associated with the character Batman.
In Christian Bale's case, the armor and mask are metaphorical.
Christian Bale is 34 years old.
Christian Bale is the star of 'The Dark Knight'.
Christian Bale likes to keep his personal life as shadowy as a superhero's back story.
Christian Bale has been known to keep a low profile.
Christian Bale stated, 'You will never see me at a party.'
Christian Bale delights in concocting stories about his life.
Christian Bale makes up things about his life.
Christian Bale stated, 'Absolutely. I'm an actor -- I'm not a politician.'
Christian Bale always kicks himself when he talks too much about family or personal things.
Christian Bale enjoys chatting but later regrets it.
'The Dark Knight' has set box office records in the 10 days since its release.
'The Dark Knight' became the fastest film to reach the $300 million mark in history.
The fourth 'Terminator' film will star Christian Bale.
Christian Bale may find his privacy limited due to the success of 'The Dark Knight' and the forthcoming release of 'Terminator'.
'The Dark Knight' is a Warner Bros. film.
Warner Bros. is a unit of Time Warner.
A rival studio executive asked Entertainment Weekly if Christian Bale can stand the glare of the spotlight.
The rival studio executive questioned if Christian Bale can handle being put in major roles and major films.
There are signs that Christian Bale has made the jump from actor to movie star.
News of an alleged hotel-room tussle between Christian Bale, his mother, and his sister made headlines around the world.
Christian Bale has denied the allegations regarding the hotel-room tussle.
Christian Bale described the hotel-room tussle incident as 'a deeply personal matter'.
Christian Bale asked the media to 'respect my privacy in the matter' at a press conference.
The United States is deeply concerned about the well-being of Eman al-Obeidy.
A State Department source stated that the United States worked closely with officials in Europe and Libya to get Eman al-Obeidy safely out of the country.
The same State Department source said that the United States is prepared to provide whatever help and support Eman al-Obeidy may need.
Eman al-Obeidy grabbed the world's attention in the spring when she accused Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's security forces of gang-raping her.
Eman al-Obeidy is now on the way to Malta with her father.
Another high-level U.S. State Department source confirmed that Eman al-Obeidy will eventually head to a processing center in Europe before leaving for a final destination.
Eman al-Obeidy has told CNN on repeated occasions that she wants to go to the United States.
One of the State Department sources told CNN that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been deeply interested in the case and has followed it throughout.
Eman al-Obeidy was in Qatar awaiting resettlement as a refugee when she was deported on Thursday and sent back to Libya.
Eman al-Obeidy was reportedly beaten before being deported.
Najah Dawaji is a U.S.-based Libyan pro-freedom activist.
Najah Dawaji said she was with three key members of Libya's Transitional National Council when they first learned that Eman al-Obeidy was forced from Doha and arrived in Benghazi, Libya, on Thursday.
Najah Dawaji said that Eman al-Obeidy had a black eye, bruises on her legs, and scratches on her arms.
Eman al-Obeidy told a journalist that officials in the Transitional National Council had pressured the Qataris to expel her.
According to Najah Dawaji, Eman al-Obeidy did not blame the rebel group for the beating itself.
Hanoi is the capital of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
Hanoi is the second largest city in Vietnam by population.
The population of Hanoi in 2009 was estimated at 2.6 million for urban districts.
The population of Hanoi in 2009 was estimated at 7 million for the metropolitan jurisdiction.
The population of Hanoi in 2015 was estimated at 7.7 million people.
From 1010 until 1802, Hanoi was the most important political centre of Vietnam.
Hanoi was eclipsed by Hu during the Nguyn Dynasty from 1802 to 1945.
Hu was the imperial capital of Vietnam during the Nguyn Dynasty.
Hanoi served as the capital of French Indochina from 1902 to 1954.
From 1954 to 1976, Hanoi was the capital of North Vietnam.
Hanoi became the capital of a reunified Vietnam in 1976.
Hanoi became the capital of a reunified Vietnam after the North's victory in the Vietnam War.
The city of Hanoi lies on the right bank of the Red River.
Hanoi is located north of Ho Chi Minh City.
Hanoi is located west of Hai Phong city.
October 2010 officially marked 1000 years since the establishment of the city of Hanoi.
The Hanoi Ceramic Mosaic Mural is a 4 km ceramic mosaic mural.
The Hanoi Ceramic Mosaic Mural was created to mark the 1000 year anniversary of the city.
Hanoi has had many official and unofficial names throughout history.
Hanoi has been inhabited since at least 3000 BC.
The C Loa Citadel is located in Dong Anh district.
The C Loa Citadel served as the capital of the u Lc kingdom.
The u Lc kingdom was founded by the Shu emigrant Thc Phn.
Thc Phn conquered the native Vn Lang in 258 BC.
Prince Harry is the third in Britain's line of royal succession.
Prince Harry worshiped in a Bahamian cathedral on Sunday.
Prince Harry's visit to the Bahamian cathedral was part of his Caribbean tour.
The Caribbean tour celebrates the 60th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth II's accession to the throne.
Harry's Diamond Jubilee celebrations began on Friday in the Belize capital Belmopan.
In Belmopan, Prince Harry danced and drank in a street party.
The street party took place along the newly-named HM Queen Elizabeth II Boulevard.
Prince Harry had a quieter day in Belize on Saturday.
On Saturday, Prince Harry climbed to the top of Xunantunich, a Mayan temple.
Prince Harry toured an open air exhibit in Nassau's Rawson Square on Sunday.
After the tour in Rawson Square, Prince Harry boarded a speedboat.
Prince Harry visited several Bahamian islands to meet with locals.
The Royal Bahamian Defence Force is responsible for patrolling about 1,000 islands.
The Royal Bahamian Defence Force patrols 100,000 square miles of territorial waters.
Prince Harry is expected to attend military exercises conducted by the Royal Bahamian Defence Force.
After a youth rally in the Bahamas National Stadium on Monday, Prince Harry travels to Jamaica.
After Jamaica, Prince Harry travels to Brazil to complete his 10-day tour.
Brian Vitagliano is a contributor to this report by CNN.
Bruce lived in the same city in England as his two friends, Bruno and Dick.
Bruce, Bruno, and Dick were free during their summer holiday.
Bruce, Bruno, and Dick came to a village by a large lake.
Bruce, Bruno, and Dick liked fishing very much.
The next day after Bruce, Bruno, and Dick arrived at the village, they got into a boat.
Bruce, Bruno, and Dick went fishing in the lake.
Bruce, Bruno, and Dick boated farther and farther into the lake.
Bruce, Bruno, and Dick came to an out-of-the-way place.
Bruce, Bruno, and Dick were very happy because there were a lot of fish in the out-of-the-way place.
When it was time for Bruce, Bruno, and Dick to go home, Bruce suggested making a mark to easily find the place the next day.
Bruno agreed with Bruce's suggestion and offered to make the mark.
Bruce thought Bruno's suggestion was foolish.
Bruce explained that if it rained that night, the rainwater would wash the line off.
Bruce stated that they would not be able to find the mark the next day if it rained.
Bruce advised that Bruno should cut a line with his knife instead.
Dick approached Bruce and Bruno and expressed his anger.
Dick criticized both Bruce and Bruno for not being clever.
Dick questioned how they could find the place if they had another boat the next day.
Dick suggested that they should not go back that night.
A man sailed out to sea in a small boat.
The sun was only rising.
The man liked spending all day fishing.
The man stopped his boat a long way away from the shore.
The man pulled out his fishing pole.
The man put some worms on the hook.
The man held the fishing pole in the deep water.
The man waited for a long time.
After three hours, there was still not a bite.
The sun moved slowly across the sky.
Morning turned into afternoon.
Afternoon turned into evening.
It was a slow day of fishing.
The man had to pack up.
A fisherman does not give up so easily, even after many hours.
It takes time to catch fish.
Fishing is not for people who give up quickly.
The fisherman went home empty handed.
The fisherman went home to his log cabin.
The fisherman sat by the fire.
The fisherman's stomach growled because there wasn't any dinner to eat tonight.
Tomorrow would be a better day.
Little Tommy woke one morning to the sun shining.
The birds were singing.
Little Tommy had a bird that would sit outside his window.
Little Tommy named the bird Martha.
Little Tommy really liked Martha.
Little Tommy fed Martha some bread every morning.
When Little Tommy was done feeding Martha, he would go and feed his best buddy ever, Sammy.
Sammy was a big hairy dog.
Little Tommy really loved Sammy.
Little Tommy hung out with Sammy all day, every day.
Today, Little Tommy thought he and Sammy would go fishing.
Little Tommy thought they would enjoy the sunshine.
Little Tommy found his fishing pole.
Little Tommy found some worms.
Little Tommy found a little lunch for the day.
Little Tommy and Sammy went off for the day.
When Little Tommy and Sammy got to the fishing hole, Sammy ran over to a rock.
Sammy started barking with his hair standing up.
Little Tommy ran to see what Sammy had found.
Under the edge of the rock was a huge green toad.
Little Tommy laughed and laughed at Sammy.
Little Tommy calmed Sammy down.
Little Tommy picked up the toad.
Sammy was very interested in the toad.
Sammy licked the toad.
Sammy found a new friend.
Little Tommy took the toad home with them.
Little Tommy named the toad Zoe the Toadie.
Russia and South Ossetia have strongly denied news reports that a motorcade carrying the presidents of Georgia and Poland came under fire.
Russia and South Ossetia called the claims a provocation meant to destabilize the region.
Mikheil Saakashvili is the president of Georgia.
Mikheil Saakashvili said there were unpredictable people in the area.
Sergei Lavrov is the Russian Foreign Minister.
Sergei Lavrov told journalists that the incident is a real provocation.
Sergei Lavrov stated that it is not the first time that such things have happened.
Sergei Lavrov claimed that first they mastermind everything themselves and then accuse the Russian or the Ossetian side.
Eduard Kokoity is the president of the breakaway region of South Ossetia.
Eduard Kokoity added that today's event was a deliberate provocative act of the Georgian and Polish presidents targeted at regional destabilization.
Eduard Kokoity made his comments to the Russian news agency Interfax.
The motorcade was carrying Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski.
The motorcade was passing a checkpoint near Georgia's breakaway South Ossetia region.
The South Ossetia region is the site of intense conflict between Russian and Georgian troops in August.
Shots were fired on Sunday according to the Georgian Interior Ministry.
The motorcade was not hit and there were no injuries according to the Georgian Interior Ministry.
No other shooting was reported in the area.
The shots were fired from Russian-controlled territory as the motorcade passed according to the Georgian Interior Ministry.
Grigory Karasin is Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister.
Grigory Karasin denied that the gunfire came from Russian army positions.
Grigory Karasin stated that this is one more instance of wishful thinking on the part of Georgia.
After the incident, Mikheil Saakashvili told reporters that he would not have taken Lech Kaczynski into danger intentionally.
Mikheil Saakashvili stated that the incident showed that you are dealing with unpredictable people in the disputed area.
The speaker is going to get a hamster in a few weeks or maybe a month.
The speaker has been waiting for a hamster for years.
The speaker does not want to wait another day for a hamster.
The hamster is going to have a big home.
The big home will have lots of paper towel rolls for the hamster to eat or sleep in.
The little hamster is going to bite the speaker in the beginning.
Hamsters are nervous animals.
The speaker and the hamster are going to end up being best friends.
The hamster is going to sit on the speaker's shoulder while the speaker does the dishes or does homework.
When the speaker is reading a favorite book, sleeping, or showering, the hamster needs to go back to her home.
The speaker thinks that the hamster is going to pee without warning and at the worst times.
The speaker is going to scratch the hamster's little belly and love her more when the hamster pushes carrots into her mouth.
The speaker is sure that the little hamster is going to get into a lot more trouble.
The little hamster might be scared of thunder and try to run away.
The little hamster might be so curious about going outside to the street that she might get hurt.
The speaker does not care about the amount of trouble that the little hamster gets into.
The speaker will always make sure the little hamster has water to drink.
The speaker will always make sure the little hamster has food to eat.
The speaker will always make sure the little hamster receives love from the speaker's heart.
Canada geese are large blue and white birds.
When autumn arrives, Canada geese have to fly south.
The weather is warmer in the south.
The winters are so cold in Canada that Canada geese will die if they stay there.
Last spring, Bill Lishman found sixteen young Canada geese on his farm.
The young Canada geese had lost their parents.
Bill Lishman thought that the young Canada geese wouldn't know what to do in the autumn.
Bill Lishman had a small plane.
Bill Lishman decided to teach the young Canada geese to follow him.
All through the summer, Bill Lishman went on short trips in his plane.
The young Canada geese flew after Bill Lishman.
When the cold weather arrived in autumn, Bill Lishman flew to Virginia in the United States.
Virginia is 600 miles south from Bill Lishman's home in Canada.
The young Canada geese followed Bill Lishman all the way to Virginia.
Bill Lishman flew to Virginia and returned home.
This spring, Bill Lishman was waiting for the young Canada geese to come back.
The young Canada geese didn't arrive.
Bill Lishman flew to Virginia to get the young Canada geese.
Bill Lishman looked for the young Canada geese for two weeks.
Bill Lishman couldn't find the young Canada geese.
When Bill Lishman arrived back home, he found the young Canada geese waiting for him.
The young Canada geese had found the way home without Bill Lishman.
Mr. Black asked his 6th grade business class, 'What is success?'
The question was Mr. Black's opening conversation for the first class of the term.
One student answered, 'Success is riding in a sweet car, watching an 80-inch TV, and living in a place with at least twelve rooms.'
The answer earned laughs from all the students.
Mr. Black smiled, but shook his head at the student's answer.
Mr. Black stated, 'Tom, that is excess. That is not success.'
A blonde girl named Sandy in the front suggested, 'How about being able to provide for your family?'
Mr. Black smiled and responded, 'Now we're getting closer, but try thinking about what you need and what you want.'
Tom shouted out an answer again, 'Getting everything you want.'
Mr. Black sighed in response to Tom's answer.
Mr. Black reminded the class, 'I believe we've already talked about excess versus success.'
James, sitting in the back, wondered aloud, 'Getting everything you need, but some of what you want?'
Mr. Black clapped and confirmed, 'Quite right!'
Mr. Black defined success as 'getting everything you need and some of what you want.'
Mr. Black explained that the more you get that you want, the more successful you are.
Mr. Black noted that there is a point where you are living in excess.
Tom asked, 'What does this have to do with business?'
Mr. Black explained that the point of business is to make a living to support your family.
Mr. Black stated that once you have properly seen to your family's needs, you can then see to getting the extras that you want.
Tom continued to be difficult by asking, 'What if I don't have a family?'
Mr. Black replied, 'Then you have to provide for yourself, a family of one.'
Peter, Tom's friend, shouted out, 'He has goldfish to think about!'
Mr. Black corrected himself, stating, 'Then he needs to provide for a family of one with a fishbowl.'
Tom nodded, satisfied with Mr. Black's answer.
Mr. Black announced that in the next nine weeks, the class would study basic business situations, like having a checking account and understanding credit cards.
Tom rubbed his hands together excitedly and asked, 'When do we get to start spending?'
Mr. Black laughed and replied, 'You already are, Tom. You're spending time with us!'
Mr. Black then suggested, 'Now, let's see what you guys know about credit cards...'
Hashim Amla became the first South African to score a triple century in Test cricket.
Hashim Amla's side dominated the No.1 ranked England at The Oval on Sunday.
Hashim Amla was 311 not out when South Africa declared on a massive 637 for two wickets.
South Africa took four cheap England wickets by the close of the fourth day.
England needed 150 runs to avoid a humiliating innings defeat.
England had only six wickets left.
Hashim Amla shared a record 377 unbroken stand for the third wicket with Jacques Kallis.
Jacques Kallis was 182 not out when captain Graeme Smith called his men in.
The previous Test best for South Africa had come from AB de Villiers.
AB de Villiers hit 278 not out against Pakistan in Abu Dhabi in 2010-11.
Hashim Amla expressed happiness, surprise, and excitement about his achievement.
Hashim Amla stated that he managed to do something that has never been done before by a South African.
Hashim Amla mentioned that the biggest pleasure is that the team is in a dominant position to win the Test match.
Hashim Amla did not dream about getting 300 runs.
Hashim Amla has always been a person who never sets goals.
Hashim Amla believes that not setting goals helps him keep going without being limited.
Hashim Amla batted for just over 13 hours.
Hashim Amla hit 35 fours during his innings.
Hashim Amla hit a boundary off Tim Bresnan when on 299.
Hashim Amla lofted the ball over the infield before taking a prolonged standing ovation from the crowd.
The crowd had seen England's much-vaunted bowling attack blunted on a docile pitch.
Jacques Kallis reached his 43rd Test ton in tandem with Hashim Amla.
Adam ran across the front lawn of his house.
Deborah ran across the front lawn of her house.
The grass on the front lawn was very tall.
The lawn had not been mowed.
Adam wanted to play in the yard after removing the groceries from the car.
Deborah did not want to play in the yard.
Deborah was sad that her new boss at work was Pierre.
Pierre did not seem to like Deborah.
Deborah ran along with Adam.
Adam could tell that Deborah was upset.
Adam asked his mom, Deborah, what was bothering her.
Deborah explained that she felt like her new boss, Pierre, was not nice to her.
Adam sat down in the grass.
Adam asked Deborah to sit down next to him.
Adam told Deborah that he had a bully in his class named Mike.
Adam said that all he had to do was ignore the bully and he would feel better.
Adam asked why Deborah could not ignore her new boss.
Deborah explained to Adam that her new boss, Pierre, could fire her.
Deborah frowned.
Deborah took off her pink shoes.
Deborah walked inside the house to make rice for dinner.
Fifty-two countries have participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since it started in 1956.
Twenty-seven countries have won the Eurovision Song Contest.
The Eurovision Song Contest is organised by the European Broadcasting Union.
The Eurovision Song Contest is held annually between members of the European Broadcasting Union.
Broadcasters from different countries submit songs to the Eurovision Song Contest.
Broadcasters from different countries cast votes to determine the most popular entry in the Eurovision Song Contest.
Participation in the Eurovision Song Contest is primarily open to all active member broadcasters of the European Broadcasting Union.
To be an active member, broadcasters must be a member of the European Broadcasting Union.
To be an active member, broadcasters must be in a Council of Europe member country.
Eligibility to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest is not determined by geographic inclusion within the continent of Europe.
The term 'Euro' in 'Eurovision' does not imply a direct connection with the European Union.
Several countries geographically outside the boundaries of Europe have competed in the Eurovision Song Contest.
Israel has competed in the Eurovision Song Contest since 1973.
Cyprus has competed in the Eurovision Song Contest since 1981.
Armenia has competed in the Eurovision Song Contest since 2006.
Morocco competed in the Eurovision Song Contest in the 1980 competition alone.
Australia made its debut in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2015.
Several transcontinental countries with only part of their territory in Europe have competed in the Eurovision Song Contest.
Turkey has competed in the Eurovision Song Contest since 1975.
Russia has competed in the Eurovision Song Contest since 1994.
Georgia has competed in the Eurovision Song Contest since 2007.
Azerbaijan made its first appearance in the Eurovision Song Contest in the 2008 edition.
Lebanon sought to enter the Eurovision Song Contest.
Lebanon is located in Western Asia.
Tunisia sought to enter the Eurovision Song Contest.
Tunisia is located in North Africa.
The Gulf state of Qatar announced its interest in joining the Eurovision Song Contest in 2009.
Qatar is located in Western Asia.
Qatar announced its interest in joining the Eurovision Song Contest in time for the 2011 edition.
Qatar's interest in joining the Eurovision Song Contest did not materialise.
There are no known plans for a future Qatari entry in the Eurovision Song Contest.
Australia has broadcast the Eurovision Song Contest since the 1970s.
Australia debuted as a participant in the Eurovision Song Contest in the 2015 edition.
Australia had entries in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2016 and 2017.
Sally had a very exciting summer vacation.
Sally went to summer camp for the first time.
Sally made friends with a girl named Tina.
Sally and Tina shared a bunk bed in their cabin.
Sally's favorite activity was walking in the woods.
Sally enjoyed nature.
Tina liked arts and crafts.
Sally and Tina made some art using leaves they found in the woods.
Sally fell in the water while canoeing.
Sally still enjoyed canoeing even after she fell in the water.
Sally was sad when the camp was over.
Sally promised to keep in touch with her new friend, Tina.
Sally went to the beach with her family in the summer.
Sally loves the beach.
Sally collected shells at the beach.
Sally mailed some shells to her friend, Tina.
Tina could make some arts and crafts with the shells.
Sally liked fishing with her brothers.
Sally liked cooking on the grill with her dad.
Sally liked swimming in the ocean with her mother.
The summer was fun for Sally.
Sally was very excited to go back to school.
Sally missed her friends and teachers.
Sally was excited to tell her friends and teachers about her summer vacation.
Futsal is a variant of association football.
Futsal is played on a hard court.
The hard court is smaller than a football pitch.
Futsal is mainly played indoors.
Futsal can be considered a version of five-a-side football.
Futsal is played between two teams.
Each team in Futsal consists of five players.
One of the players in each team is the goalkeeper.
Unlimited substitutions are permitted in Futsal.
Futsal is played on a hard court surface delimited by lines.
Walls or boards are not used in Futsal.
Futsal is played with a smaller ball.
The surface, ball, and rules of Futsal create an emphasis on improvisation.
The surface, ball, and rules of Futsal create an emphasis on creativity.
The surface, ball, and rules of Futsal create an emphasis on technique.
The surface, ball, and rules of Futsal create an emphasis on ball control.
The surface, ball, and rules of Futsal create an emphasis on passing in small spaces.
The term 'Futsal' comes from Spanish 'ftbol sala' or 'ftbol de saln'.
The term 'Futsal' comes from Portuguese 'futebol de salo'.
The term 'Futsal' is commonly translated as 'indoor football'.
A more literal translation of 'Futsal' is 'hall/lounge football'.
The sport's second world championships were held in Madrid in 1985.
The Spanish name 'ftbol sala' was used during the sport's second world championships.
Since the second world championships, all other names have been officially and internationally changed to 'futsal'.
The naming of 'futsal' was due to a dispute between FIFUSA and FIFA over the name of 'ftbol'.
FIFUSA registered the word 'fut-sal' in 1985 in Madrid, Spain.
Since FIFUSA registered the word 'fut-sal', FIFA has also started using the term 'futsal'.
The name 'futsal' has been translated into Italian as 'calcio a 5'.
The name 'futsal' has been translated into Italian as 'football sala'.
The name 'futsal' has been translated into French as 'football de salle'.
The Rovers and the others on the steam tug could scarcely wait for the old man in the dilapidated rowboat to come up alongside.
Dick asked the old man if he had a message for them.
Dick requested the old man to hand over the message quickly.
The old man said the message stated that the Rovers would pay him twenty-five dollars for delivering it in twenty-four hours.
Dick asked the old man who the message was from.
The old man replied that the message was signed by Dora Stanhope and Nellie Laning.
Tom cried out to the old man to give him the message and stated that he would pay the money.
The old man agreed, saying that he could trust Tom.
The old man was Jake Shaggam.
Jake Shaggam had received the message the evening before.
Jake Shaggam had read the message with interest.
Jake Shaggam started out at daylight to find out something about the Rovers and where they might be located.
Good fortune had thrown Jake Shaggam directly in the way of the young friends.
Tom cried out that the message was really from the girls.
Tom read the message hastily.
Tom noted that the message was in Nellie Laning's handwriting.
Dick added that Dora Stanhope had signed her name too.
Dick stated that he knew Dora Stanhope's signature well.
Fred made a dry comment, but nobody paid attention to it.
Sam stated that the girls were on the houseboat.
Sam added that the craft was hidden up Shaggam Creek.
Sam turned to the captain of the tug and asked where Shaggam Creek was.
The captain of the tug answered that this was Shaggam Creek and that he was Jake Shaggam.
Jake Shaggam reminded the Rovers that they said they would pay him twenty-five dollars.
Tom stated that he would pay Jake Shaggam and brought out the amount at once.
Some people believe football is a matter of life and death.
Some people assure that football is much, much more important than a matter of life and death.
Bill Shankly was a legendary former manager of the English club Liverpool.
Bill Shankly pointed out the significance of the beautiful game shortly before he passed away in 1981.
The significance of the beautiful game can never be underestimated.
The significance of the beautiful game does not just apply to fans of the sport.
Soccer can affect lives on a national and international scale.
Soccer can inspire revolutions.
Soccer can cause wars.
Soccer has the capability to create peace.
Soccer can lift entire nations.
The 'Football War' occurred between Honduras and El Salvador in 1969.
The 'Football War' is perhaps the most famous example of the sport's wider implications.
The two Central American nations came to blows following their qualification match for the 1970 World Cup.
Pedro Pinto made World Cup predictions.
This wasn't the first time that the worlds of football and politics collided with remarkable results.
This definitely won't be the last time that the worlds of football and politics collide with remarkable results.
Mussolini manipulated the 'man in black' in 1934.
Mussolini was determined to use the World Cup on home soil to showcase his fascist Italy.
Mussolini had his own trophy created for the event called the Coppa Del Duce.
The Coppa Del Duce was six times the size of the Jules Rimet trophy.
Allegations remain that the tournament was fixed so that only Italy would collect the Coppa Del Duce.
According to the BBC's 'World Cup Stories' book by Chris Hunt, there were suggestions that Mussolini picked the referees.
In the semifinal against Austria, Mussolini's Azzurri team won 2-1.
After the game, Austria's opponents complained that the game was fixed.
Gujarati is an Indo-Aryan language.
Gujarati is native to the Indian state of Gujarat.
Gujarati is part of the greater Indo-European language family.
Gujarati is descended from Old Gujarati.
Old Gujarati existed circa 11001500 AD.
In India, Gujarati is the official language in the state of Gujarat.
Gujarati is an official language in the union territories of Daman and Diu.
Gujarati is an official language in the union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
Gujarati is the language of the Gujjars.
The Gujjars had ruled Rajputana.
The Gujjars had ruled Punjab.
According to the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), 4.5% of the Indian population speaks Gujarati.
The Indian population was 1.21 billion according to the 2011 census.
4.5% of 1.21 billion amounts to 46 million speakers of Gujarati in India.
There are about 50 million speakers of Gujarati worldwide.
Gujarati is the 26th-most-spoken native language in the world.
Gujarati was the first language of Mahatma Gandhi.
Gujarati was the first language of Muhammad Ali Jinnah.
Gujarati is sometimes spelled as Gujerati.
Gujarati is sometimes spelled as Gujarathi.
Gujarati is sometimes spelled as Guzratee.
Gujarati is sometimes spelled as Guujaratee.
Gujarati is sometimes spelled as Gujrathi.
Gujarati is sometimes spelled as Gujerathi.
Gujarati is a modern Indo-Aryan language.
Gujarati evolved from Sanskrit.
The traditional practice is to differentiate the Indo-Aryan languages on the basis of three historical stages.
Another view postulates successive family tree splits for Indo-Aryan languages.
Gujarati is assumed to have separated from other Indo-Aryan languages in four stages.
The principal changes from Sanskrit are to be defined.
Gujarati is customarily divided into three historical stages.
The family of a Jordanian fighter pilot is calling for total revenge.
The Jordanian fighter pilot was Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh.
Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh was 27 years old.
Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh was burned alive while confined in a cage.
In response to the killing of Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh, Jordan executed two prisoners.
The two executed prisoners were Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad Karbouli.
Sajida al-Rishawi was a would-be suicide bomber.
ISIS had previously demanded the release of Sajida al-Rishawi as part of a prisoner exchange.
Ziad Karbouli was a former top aide to the deceased leader of al Qaeda in Iraq.
The deceased leader of al Qaeda in Iraq was Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
The pilot's father is demanding that Jordan do more.
The pilot's father is Safi.
Safi stated that there is no comparison between the criminals and Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh.
Safi stated that the blood of Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh is more valued than the blood of Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad Karbouli.
Safi demanded that revenge should be bigger than executing prisoners.
The horrific death of Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh was recorded.
The video of Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh's death was posted online on Tuesday.
CNN is not showing the images of the video.
The video drew global condemnation.
The video prompted protests and vows of retaliation in Jordan.
King Abdullah has promised a strong response.
King Abdullah stated that ISIS isn't just fighting Jordan, but warring against 'noble Islam' itself.
Jordan wants to step up airstrikes against the terrorist organization, according to a source with direct knowledge of the situation.
The pilot's uncle is Yassin Al Rawashdeh.
Yassin Al Rawashdeh wants to see ground troops involved in the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS in Iraq and Syria.
Safi demanded that the criminal organization ISIS should be annihilated.
Demonstrators took to the streets in Amman immediately after the video was made public.
Demonstrators took to the streets in the pilot's hometown immediately after the video was made public.
Lionel Messi is not for sale.
The defiant message came from Barcelona's new president.
Barcelona's new president is adamant that Lionel Messi is going nowhere.
Reports indicate that French club Paris St Germain want to sign Lionel Messi.
Josep Maria Bartomeu will sit down with Lionel Messi to discuss a new contract.
The new contract will see Lionel Messi remain the most highly-paid player at the Camp Nou.
Josep Maria Bartomeu stated that they want to sit down with Lionel Messi's father.
Josep Maria Bartomeu mentioned that the discussions are not happening tomorrow.
Josep Maria Bartomeu believes they have plenty of time to ensure Lionel Messi is the best paid player.
Josep Maria Bartomeu assumed control at Barcelona after Sandro Rosell's resignation last week.
Lionel Messi arrived at Barcelona in 2000.
Lionel Messi graduated through Barcelona's youth system.
Lionel Messi established himself as the best player on the planet.
Lionel Messi made his first team debut in 2004.
Lionel Messi has helped Barcelona win six Spanish league titles.
Lionel Messi has helped Barcelona win two Spanish Cups.
Lionel Messi has helped Barcelona win three European Champions League crowns.
The club's determination to keep hold of Lionel Messi will be sweet relief to Barcelona fans.
Barcelona fans experienced a turbulent few weeks.
Former president Sandro Rosell stepped down after a Spanish judge's decision to investigate the deal involving Neymar.
Neymar moved to Catalonia from Brazilian team Santos last June.
The club initially announced that the deal for Neymar was worth $78 million.
The breakdown of the agreement for Neymar was never revealed.
A Barcelona member launched a case against Sandro Rosell for not disclosing the full details of the Neymar deal.
Spanish authorities asked the club to hand over documentation related to the Neymar deal.
Spanish authorities requested accounts from the club for the past three years.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization is also called the North Atlantic Alliance.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization is an intergovernmental military alliance.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization is between several North American and European states.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization is based on the North Atlantic Treaty.
The North Atlantic Treaty was signed on 4 April 1949.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization constitutes a system of collective defence.
The member states of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization agree to mutual defence.
The mutual defence is in response to an attack by any external party.
Three member states of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization are the United States, France, and the United Kingdom.
The United States, France, and the United Kingdom are permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
The United States, France, and the United Kingdom have the power to veto.
The United States, France, and the United Kingdom are officially nuclear-weapon states.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization Headquarters are located in Haren, Brussels, Belgium.
The headquarters of Allied Command Operations is near Mons, Belgium.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization is an alliance that consists of 29 independent member countries.
The independent member countries are across North America and Europe.
An additional 21 countries participate in NATO's Partnership for Peace program.
Fifteen other countries are involved in institutionalized dialogue programs.
The combined military spending of all North Atlantic Treaty Organization members constitutes over 70% of the global total.
Members' defense spending is supposed to amount to at least 2% of GDP.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization was little more than a political association until the Korean War.
The Korean War galvanized the member states of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
An integrated military structure was built up under the direction of two US Supreme Commanders.
The course of the Cold War led to a rivalry with nations of the Warsaw Pact.
The Warsaw Pact was formed in 1955.
Doubts over the strength of the relationship between the European states and the United States ebbed and flowed.
Doubts over the credibility of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization defense against a prospective Soviet invasion ebbed and flowed.
The doubts led to the development of the independent French nuclear deterrent.
The independent French nuclear deterrent led to the withdrawal of France from NATO's military structure in 1966.
France was withdrawn from NATO's military structure for 30 years.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in Germany in 1989, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization became involved in the breakup of Yugoslavia.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization conducted its first military interventions in Bosnia from 1992 to 1995.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization conducted military interventions in Yugoslavia in 1999.
Politically, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization sought better relations with former Warsaw Pact countries.
Several former Warsaw Pact countries joined the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in 1999 and 2004.
Jean Bevoir was now thoroughly cowed.
Jean Bevoir exposed himself.
Jean Bevoir did all in his power to curry favor with those he had deeply wronged.
Jean Bevoir hoped that those he had wronged would relent in their treatment of him.
Jean Bevoir hoped that those he had wronged would grant him his ultimate liberty.
Neither Henry nor the others would make Jean Bevoir any promises.
Nobody had any intention of letting Jean Bevoir go free.
Dave said that Jean Bevoir deserves to become a prisoner.
Dave said that Jean Bevoir ought to be put in solitary confinement and on bread and water.
Barringford agreed with Dave.
Barringford said that Jean Bevoir is worse than a snake in the grass.
Barringford expressed understanding of Henry's desire to pepper Jean Bevoir on the spot.
It was well along in the middle of the afternoon.
The rangers who had been out on the hunt were thoroughly tired.
It was arranged that those who had remained in camp should move to the cave near the falls without delay.
Those who remained in camp were to get minute directions from Jean Bevoir.
The purpose of getting directions from Jean Bevoir was to avoid making a mistake in the route.
A strict guard was ordered over Jean Bevoir.
Jean Bevoir was given to understand that if anything went wrong with those who set out on the search for little Nell and the others, the blame would fall upon him.
Henry's heart beat rapidly as he pushed along the trail leading towards the falls.
Dave's heart beat rapidly as he pushed along the trail leading towards the falls.
Henry loved his little sister dearly.
Dave's affection for his little cousin was scarcely less strong.
Throughout the whole campaign, Henry and Dave had not had a day when they had not thought of little Nell.
Henry and Dave thought of what little Nell must be suffering.
It is easy to say 'to be Best Friends Forever (BFF)'.
A true Best Friend Forever helps out when the other is in trouble.
A true Best Friend Forever helps out not just once or twice, but for a lifetime.
Milo is six years old.
Milo has become Eddie's Best Friend Forever.
Milo and Eddie are special because they are not humans.
Milo and Eddie are dogs.
Angie Baker is their owner.
Angie Baker brought Milo and Eddie up.
Milo and Eddie spent many years playing together.
Last year, Eddie suddenly started walking into dustbins and walls.
Eddie soon lost his eyesight.
When Milo felt something was wrong, he decided to act as Eddie's 'guide' dog.
Milo leads Eddie through the house.
When Milo and Eddie go for walks, Milo holds Eddie's leash.
Once, Milo had to spend a few nights at the hospital.
Eddie often bumped into walls and furniture.
Eddie got lost during walks.
Angie realized how much Eddie depended on Milo.
Milo is now fine and back at Eddie's side.
Milo is guiding Eddie through life again.
Wang Bing is a 12-year-old boy.
Wang Bing likes sports very much.
Wang Bing does well in sports.
One afternoon, Wang Bing comes out of the classroom.
Wang Bing sees his father waiting for him at the school gate.
Wang Bing is very glad.
Wang Bing runs to his father.
Wang Bing says, 'Dad, please don't wait for me after school next time.'
Wang Bing says, 'I can go home by myself.'
Wang Bing says, 'I have grown up.'
Wang Bing's father responds, 'Let's go.'
Wang Bing's father says, 'I'll cook supper and you can do your homework at home.'
Wang Bing's mother is still at work.
On their way home, Wang Bing sees some boys skating in a park.
Wang Bing asks, 'Can I go and learn skating, Dad?'
Wang Bing's father answers, 'I'm sorry, my boy.'
Wang Bing's father says, 'You must go home and do your homework.'
Wang Bing's father offers, 'But I can buy you an ice-cream.'
Wang Bing's father buys an ice-cream for Wang Bing.
When Wang Bing wants to eat the ice-cream, a fly flies to the ice-cream.
Wang Bing's father says, 'Drive off the fly, it's very dirty.'
Wang Bing says with a smile, 'You don't let me skate, but can you let him skate for a while?'
The Laughing Brook is merry.
Jerry is merry.
Grandfather Frog said he was merry.
Spotty was merry.
The others knew that Spotty was merry.
The trees stood with wet feet.
The wet feet of the trees were where a little while before had been the strange pond in the Green Forest.
The strange pond in the Green Forest was made by the dam of Paddy the Beaver.
There was a great hole in the dam.
Paddy the Beaver made the great hole in the dam.
Through the Green Forest rang the laughter of the Laughing Brook.
The water ran deep between the banks of the Laughing Brook once more.
In the hearts of Grandfather Frog, Jerry Muskrat, and Spotty the Turtle was laughter.
The Smiling Pool would smile once more.
Grandfather Frog, Jerry Muskrat, and Spotty the Turtle could go home in peace and happiness.
Paddy the Beaver laughed.
Paddy the Beaver's laugh was the best laugh of all.
Paddy the Beaver's laugh was because he had brought happiness to others.
Jerry Muskrat cried to Spotty the Turtle that Spotty beat him up to the dam.
Jerry Muskrat said that Spotty would not beat him back to the Smiling Pool.
Spotty laughed good-naturedly.
Spotty told Jerry Muskrat that he had better not stop to eat or play or sleep on the way.
Spotty said that he would keep right on going all the time.
Spotty found that keeping right on going is the only way to get anywhere.
Grandfather Frog suggested that they all go down together.
Grandfather Frog said that they could help each other over the bad places.
Jerry Muskrat laughed at the thought of Grandfather Frog or Spotty the Turtle being able to help him.
Jerry Muskrat had to hold his sides while laughing.
Jerry Muskrat is very good-natured.
Jerry Muskrat agreed that they should all go down together.
Paddy the Beaver said that he would go, too.
Jerry Muskrat, Paddy the Beaver, Grandfather Frog, and Spotty the Turtle started off together.
Jerry Muskrat and Paddy the Beaver swam side by side.
Grandfather Frog and Spotty the Turtle followed behind Jerry Muskrat and Paddy the Beaver.
Linda Sheila posted a message on 18-12-18.25.
Linda Sheila is very worried about her friend, Joleen.
Joleen is thin but thinks she is fat.
Joleen is always on a diet.
Joleen thinks it is necessary for her to lose more weight.
Joleen wants to be a model.
Joleen has photographs of thin models on her bedroom walls.
Linda Sheila thinks Joleen is getting too thin.
If Linda Sheila talks to Joleen about her weight, Joleen gets worried.
Linda Sheila is seeking advice on how to help Joleen.
Simon posted a message on 18-12-19.00.
Simon is sometimes concerned about the pressure he gets from his friends.
Yesterday, Simon was with a group of friends.
Simon and his friends saw a woman lying on the street.
The woman looked very sick.
Simon's friends made jokes about the sick woman and laughed.
Simon wanted to help the sick woman.
Simon's friends told him not to help the sick woman.
Simon listened to his friends.
Now Simon feels ashamed.
It was cruel of Simon's friends to laugh at the sick woman.
Simon was not strong enough to say anything.
Sheila advises Linda to be worried about her friend, Joleen.
Sheila states that Joleen's situation is a serious problem.
Sheila advises that Joleen should not continue to be on a diet if she is very thin.
Sheila mentions that Joleen may have an illness called 'anorexia'.
People with anorexia are afraid of eating food.
Sheila advises Linda to encourage Joleen to see a doctor soon.
If Joleen will not see a doctor, Sheila suggests that Linda should talk to Joleen's parents or a teacher.
Sheila tells Simon that he feels ashamed because he should have helped the sick woman.
Sheila agrees with Simon that his friends were cruel to the sick woman.
Sheila acknowledges that everyone wants their friends to like them.
Sheila states that one does not have to follow friends all the time.
Sheila reassures Simon that he is a good boy.
Sheila encourages Simon to be strong enough to make up his own mind next time.
President Barack Obama has nominated John Brennan to be the next director of the CIA.
John Brennan was Barack Obama's top counterterrorism adviser.
There is an emerging Obama doctrine to deal with the threat from al Qaeda and its allies.
The emerging Obama doctrine is a rejection of the use of conventional military forces.
The emerging Obama doctrine shows a growing reliance on the use of drones.
The emerging Obama doctrine shows a growing reliance on U.S. Special Operations Forces.
John Brennan has been central to Barack Obama's policy regarding counterterrorism.
In an April 30 speech at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington, John Brennan laid out the rationale for the drone policy.
John Brennan's speech provided more detail about the drone policy than any administration official had done publicly before.
John Brennan asserted that the drone strikes are legal under the Authorization for Use of Military Force passed by Congress after the September 11 attacks.
John Brennan stated that there is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for military purposes.
John Brennan stated that there is nothing in international law that prohibits the use of lethal force against enemies outside of an active battlefield.
John Brennan's statement includes the condition that the country involved must consent or be unable or unwilling to take action against the threat.
Ben Emmerson is the U.N. special rapporteur on counterterrorism and human rights.
Ben Emmerson announced plans at Harvard Law School in October to launch an investigation into U.S. drone attacks.
Ben Emmerson's investigation will examine the extent to which U.S. drone attacks cause civilian casualties.
The reaction to John Brennan's nomination has been muted compared to the reaction to Chuck Hagel.
One of John Brennan's most significant legacies is the U.S. drone campaign against al Qaeda and its allies.
The U.S. drone campaign has targeted countries such as Pakistan and Yemen.
The focus of the U.S. drone campaign has shifted significantly in the past year or so.
Michelle and Anthony were having lunch in the park with their mother.
Michelle and Anthony's mother had made them a picnic lunch.
The picnic lunch included sandwiches, fruit, and potato chips.
Michelle and Anthony looked around the park.
Michelle and Anthony watched other families play and eat lunch.
There was one family that had 3 dogs with them.
The 3 dogs were chasing each other.
The 3 dogs were playing Frisbee with their people.
Another family had a big blanket set out.
The family with the big blanket was watching their baby learn to crawl on his tummy.
Anthony asked his sister Michelle if she wanted the rest of his potato chips.
Michelle said no.
Michelle said that she was full.
Michelle and Anthony got up and went over to the family with the dogs.
The white dog jumped on Michelle.
The white dog licked Michelle's face.
The white dog knocked Michelle down.
The brown dog wagged his tail.
The brown dog sniffed Anthony.
The black dog was shy.
The black dog went to sit with his family.
After Michelle and Anthony said goodbye to the dogs, they saw their friends Mike and Molly across the park.
Michelle and Anthony asked their mother if they could go play with Mike and Molly.
Michelle and Anthony's mother said yes.
Michelle and Anthony ran to their friends Mike and Molly.
Michelle and Anthony told Mike and Molly about the dogs they had met.
Mike and Molly's mother gave Michelle and Anthony some strawberry ice cream for dessert.
Michelle and Anthony thanked Mike and Molly's mother.
When Michelle and Anthony finished the strawberry ice cream, they went back to their mother.
Michelle and Anthony were ready to go home and take a nap.
Stanley exclaimed in amazement as the giant entered the hall of Fort Chimo.
The giant was grasping a blood-stained wolf by the throat with his left hand.
The giant was holding Edith in his right arm.
Stanley was startled and imagined that his child must have been wounded or killed by the savage animal.
Edith relieved Stanley's mind on the point of her injury.
Edith recovered sufficiently to narrate the circumstances attending her fall after being laid on her bed.
Stanley returned to the hall and addressed the bulky savage as Maximus.
Stanley expressed gratitude to Maximus for saving Chimo's life.
Stanley noted that Maximus did not understand a word he said.
Stanley called for Moses, who was passing the window.
Moses entered the hall and commented on the size of Maximus.
Moses described Maximus as being as high as a tree and broader than everything.
Stanley instructed Moses to ask Maximus where he came from.
Stanley told Moses to inform Maximus that he was obliged to him for saving Chimo from the wolf.
Arnalooa and Okatook, being privileged members of the tribe, crossed over to Edith's room.
Stanley inquired about the content of the long address delivered by Maximus to Moses.
One of Britain's bravest women told yesterday how she helped to catch suspected police killer David Bieber.
The police thanked the brave woman with flowers.
The brave woman could receive a share of up to $30,000 reward money.
Vicki Brown is 30 years old.
Vicki Brown played a very important role in ending the nationwide manhunt.
Vicki Brown has worked at the Royal Hotel for four years.
Vicki Brown described her terrible experience when she had to steal into David Bieber's bedroom and watch him secretly.
Vicki Brown waited alone for three hours while armed police prepared to storm the building.
Vicki Brown said she was very nervous.
Vicki Brown opened the hotel door and saw 20 armed policemen lined up in the car park.
Vicki Brown was glad the armed policemen were there.
The alarm had been raised because Vicki Brown became suspicious of the guest who checked in at 3 p.m. the day before New Year's Eve.
The suspicious guest had little luggage and was wearing sunglasses and a hat pulled down over his face.
Vicki Brown said the suspicious guest didn't seem to want to talk too much or make any eye contact.
Vicki Brown was the only employee on duty.
Vicki Brown called her bosses Margaret and Stall McKale.
Margaret is 64 years old.
Stall McKale is 65 years old.
Margaret and Stall McKale phoned the police at 11 p.m.
Officers from Northumbria Police called Vicki Brown at the hotel in Dunston, Gateshead, at about 11:30 p.m.
The police called Vicki Brown to make sure that this was the wanted man.
The police kept in touch by phoning Vicki Brown every 15 minutes.
It was about ten past two in the morning when the phone went again.
A policeman asked Vicki Brown to go and make herself known to the armed officers outside.
Vicki Brown's heart missed a beat.
Vicki Brown quietly showed eight armed officers through passages and staircases to the top floor room.
Vicki Brown handed over the key to the top floor room.
Vicki Brown realized that her bedroom window overlooks that part of the hotel.
Vicki Brown went to watch from her bedroom window.
Vicki Brown could not see into David Bieber's room, but she could see the passage.
The police kept shouting at David Bieber to come out with his hands showing.
Suddenly, David Bieber must have come out because the police shouted for him to lie down while he was handcuffed.
Before Nicholas Clapp arrived at the location, Nicholas Clapp had half hoped that he might run into some of Ubar's ruins sticking out of the sand.
Finding the city was not easy for Nicholas Clapp.
During the summer, Nicholas Clapp and his 40 helpers dug at 35 different spots.
The only things Nicholas Clapp and his helpers found were ground spiders.
The only things Nicholas Clapp and his helpers found were giant ticks.
The only things Nicholas Clapp and his helpers found were deadly snakes.
Just before Thanksgiving, Nicholas Clapp made a statement.
Clapp's team looked at the high-tech maps again.
Clapp's team saw something surprising on the high-tech maps.
Many of the caravan routes on the high-tech maps came together on the same spot marked 'Omani Marketplace' on Ptolemy's map.
Two maps, made almost 2000 years apart, pointed Clapp's team toward the same area.
In December 1991, Nicholas Clapp arrived at the spot where, according to the maps, the caravans met.
Nicholas Clapp had a handheld instrument that could detect objects below the ground.
The handheld instrument showed ruins under the sand.
Nicholas Clapp and his team started digging.
Nicholas Clapp and his team found a tower buried in the sand.
Nicholas Clapp and his team slowly unearthed a giant, eight-sided fortress.
The fortress had nine towers.
The fortress had many rooms.
People had lived in this fortress 2000 years ago.
Outside the walls of the fortress, Nicholas Clapp and his team found buried remains of nearly 40 campsites.
The buried remains seemed to be camping areas for traders.
More digging found shards, or pieces of pottery from ancient Rome.
More digging found shards, or pieces of pottery from ancient Greece.
More digging found shards, or pieces of pottery from ancient China.
More digging found shards, or pieces of pottery from ancient Egypt.
More digging found shards, or pieces of pottery from ancient Syria.
Diggers and scientists agree that people were present at the site for about 5000 years.
Nicholas Clapp and his team were excited as they continued to discover more pieces of the past.
The discoveries seemed to prove that the site was the lost city of Ubar.
Nicholas Clapp stated that they started with a hopeless myth.
Nicholas Clapp stated that they finally found the truth behind the myth.
Experts are not totally persuaded that the unearthed site is really the once-great Ubar.
Donald Whitcomb is an archeologist at the University of Chicago.
Donald Whitcomb doubts that Nicholas Clapp really discovered Ubar.
Donald Whitcomb stated that there is probably some truth to the myth of Ubar.
Ubar is described as a place with walls all made of gold.
Ubar is described as a place with rubies and emeralds.
No gold or precious stones have been found by Nicholas Clapp.
Donald Whitcomb is not sure whether Nicholas Clapp discovered Ubar.
Donald Whitcomb is not sure if Ubar really existed.
Redmond O'Neal visited his mother Farrah Fawcett's grave for the first time on Friday.
Friday was the anniversary of Farrah Fawcett's death.
Redmond O'Neal described the visit as very nice and beautifully set up.
Redmond O'Neal was sitting on a couch between his father Ryan O'Neal and sister Tatum O'Neal.
Redmond O'Neal expressed happiness about being able to be there for Farrah Fawcett.
Redmond O'Neal wanted to let Farrah Fawcett know that he is doing all right.
Redmond O'Neal was on a day pass away from the Pasadena, California, sober living facility.
Redmond O'Neal is undergoing court-ordered drug rehab.
The three O'Neals were near tears as they spoke exclusively to CNN.
The private gathering of friends and family took place at the Beverly Hills, California, headquarters of the Farrah Fawcett Foundation.
Ryan O'Neal stated that Redmond O'Neal is extremely well.
Ryan O'Neal mentioned that Redmond O'Neal is recovering from a terrible disease.
Ryan O'Neal claimed that Redmond O'Neal seems to have cured himself.
Ryan O'Neal expressed that they are thrilled about Redmond O'Neal's recovery.
Redmond O'Neal explained that he wanted to show his face and let everybody know that he is doing good.
Redmond O'Neal stated that one cannot hide forever.
Tatum O'Neal commented on how handsome Redmond O'Neal is.
Tatum O'Neal noted how much Redmond O'Neal looks like Farrah Fawcett.
Tatum O'Neal expressed that Farrah Fawcett would be proud of Redmond O'Neal.
Tatum O'Neal mentioned how lucky she is to be there because Redmond O'Neal is so awesome.
Tatum O'Neal indicated that she was emotional and going to cry.
The Farrah Fawcett Foundation has a mission of funding research and clinical trials into alternative treatments for anal cancer.
Anal cancer was the disease that killed Farrah Fawcett.
The Farrah Fawcett Foundation also funds research into pediatric cancers.
Ryan O'Neal stated that they are trying to show that Farrah Fawcett hasn't left.
Ryan O'Neal expressed that Farrah Fawcett's name is still alive.
Ryan O'Neal hoped that something good would come from the efforts of the Farrah Fawcett Foundation.
In modern molecular biology and genetics, the genome is the genetic material of an organism.
The genome consists of DNA or RNA in RNA viruses.
The genome includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the DNA or RNA.
The term genome was created in 1920 by Hans Winkler.
Hans Winkler was a professor of botany at the University of Hamburg, Germany.
The Oxford Dictionary suggests the name genome to be a blend of the words gene and chromosome.
A few related -ome words already existed, such as biome and rhizome.
The words biome and rhizome form a vocabulary into which genome fits systematically.
Some organisms have multiple copies of chromosomes.
The terms diploid, triploid, and tetraploid refer to organisms with multiple copies of chromosomes.
In classical genetics, in a sexually reproducing organism, the gamete has half the number of chromosomes of the somatic cell.
The genome is a full set of chromosomes in a diploid cell.
The halving of the genetic material in gametes is accomplished by the segregation of homologous chromosomes during meiosis.
In haploid organisms, including cells of bacteria and archaea, the single or set of circular or linear chains of DNA or RNA constitute the genome.
Mitochondria and chloroplasts are organelles that contain their own DNA.
Viruses similarly contain genes.
The term genome can be applied specifically to mean what is stored on a complete set of nuclear DNA.
The term nuclear genome refers to what is stored on a complete set of nuclear DNA.
The term genome can also be applied to what is stored within organelles that contain their own DNA.
The term mitochondrial genome refers to what is stored within mitochondria.
The term chloroplast genome refers to what is stored within chloroplasts.
The genome can comprise non-chromosomal genetic elements such as viruses, plasmids, and transposable elements.
The kitty did not want to freeze.
The kitty found a place to stay warm in a trashcan near a bush.
The kitty had been left outside in the rain.
Some friendly people thought that they would let the kitty in when they found the kitty in the trashcan outside.
The friendly people gave the kitty some water to sip.
The friendly people gave the kitty food to eat.
When the phone would ring, the kitty would run and hide.
The kitty would hide in the bathroom.
Sometimes, the kitty would take the kitty's food into the bedroom and eat it there.
The kitty's claws were so sharp that the kitty ended up cutting everything that the kitty scratched.
The kitty also scratched the finger of one of the nice people.
When the rain stopped, the nice people put the kitty back outside.
The nice people put the kitty outside because the kitty was making the nice people sneeze.
The kitty left the nice people's home happy and with a full stomach.
All of the kitty's friends were waiting for the kitty.
Julia gets an allowance from her parents every week for different chores she does every day.
The big chore that Julia must do is to feed the dog after school.
Julia had a busy day at school.
Julia had many tests to complete at school.
When Julia got home, she forgot to feed her dog, Buddy.
Julia's parents had to feed the dog later.
The next day, Julia forgot to feed Buddy again.
Julia saw her parents feeding Buddy for her each night that she forgot to do it.
Julia stopped doing her chore because she knew her parents would take care of it for her.
Julia used her extra time to play every day after school.
At the end of the week, Julia was excited.
Julia had been wanting a new doll that had come out in the stores.
Julia's friends all had the new doll.
Julia wanted a new doll, too.
At the end of the week, Julia didn't get an allowance.
Julia's parents told her that it was because she had not done her big chore all week.
Julia had played instead of doing her chore.
Julia did not get the toy she wanted that week.
Momentum is mounting against the NCAA.
The NCAA is a century-old body that governs college sports.
A federal judge has just heard one case calling for revenue from TV deals to be shared with student athletes.
The federal judge will likely take on two more landmark suits this year.
The two landmark suits seek a free market in college sports.
Northwestern University is appealing a ruling that would allow football players to unionize.
There are five things to know about what just happened and what's coming.
National championships are at stake.
Age-old rivalries are at stake.
Larger-than-life game day atmospheres are at stake.
Mark Emmert is the NCAA President.
Mark Emmert described a doomsday scenario if college athletes are paid.
Mark Emmert testified in the case brought by former UCLA basketball star Ed O'Bannon.
Many school leaders have told Mark Emmert they would not want to pay for athletes.
School leaders might opt out of Division I sports into Division II.
Division II has less money for coaches, facilities, and scholarships.
Schools that stay in Division I would likely have to cut less popular sports to afford to pay athletes.
Schools that chose to pay would probably never play the schools that chose not to pay.
The choice to pay or not would prevent a true national championship.
The choice to pay or not would put an end to traditional rivalry games that are fan favorites.
Bill Isaacson is one of O'Bannon's lawyers.
Bill Isaacson rejects the idea that college sports would cease if athletes are paid.
Bill Isaacson states that millions of sports fans who watch these games know that the games will continue to be played.
Bill Isaacson states that everyone at the networks that broadcast these games knows that the games will continue to be played.
FIFA has decided that the Football World Cup 2018 will be held in Russia.
Before the answer was given to the public, many people thought England would be the winner.
David Beckham is a famous football player.
David Beckham worked hard to help England to hold the Football World Cup 2018.
Prince William worked hard to help England to hold the Football World Cup 2018.
David Cameron is the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
David Cameron worked hard to help England to hold the Football World Cup 2018.
David Cameron promised that England would make every fan feel at home.
David Cameron promised that England would host the most wonderful Football World Cup in history.
David Beckham spoke movingly of how his grandfather, a football fan, died as he was playing in the Football World Cup.
Sepp Blatter is the president of FIFA.
Sepp Blatter described England as 'the motherland of football' before he opened the envelope with the winner's name in it.
Prince William expressed disappointment after the announcement of the Football World Cup 2018 host.
Prince William stated that they had worked hard, but sadly, it didn't work.
Prince William apologized for England football fans.
Prince William stated that they had given everything they could.
Before the answer was given, hundreds of fans had gathered in London and other main English cities in the cold weather in the hope of good news.
The news let the fans down.
The last Football World Cup held in England was the Football World Cup 1966.
The love child of the doughnut and the croissant was created by the Dominique Ansel Bakery in New York.
Fans queued for hours to sample the tasty hybrid snack.
Only 300 cronuts were made each day.
Cronuts were sold at $5 a pop.
Cronuts are so coveted that they can go for up to $40 on the pastry black market.
Supermodel Heidi Klum had to wait weeks to try a cronut.
The cronut has gained worldwide attention on social media since its debut in May.
Few people in the UK have had the chance to taste the unique pastry until now.
Dominique Ansel told CNN that the cronut just went viral because it is new.
Dominique Ansel described the cronut as fun, unusual, and good.
One British bakery described the cronut as the most exciting pastry launch since the sausage roll.
Cronuts have proved extremely popular with British customers.
The intense enthusiasm for cronuts in New York is unlikely to be replicated in London.
Cronuts are called 'Yum Yums' in the UK.
Yum Yums can be bought in the supermarket Waitrose.
Richard Turner is the owner of London's Hawksmoor steakhouse.
Richard Turner wrote in an email to his business partner that they have had Yum Yums for decades.
Adalat Hussain is the co-owner of the Wild and Wood cafe in Central London.
Adalat Hussain says British cronut-eaters are attempting to master the treat with a knife and fork.
Adalat Hussain thinks using hands is the best way to eat a cronut.
A young woman in the queue outside the Dominique Ansel Bakery declared the cronut a typically American invention.
Last week, I was sitting in my office.
I heard an elderly lady talking on the phone about her husband.
The elderly lady's husband's name was Ed.
Ed dropped the elderly lady off for her doctor's appointment.
Ed was going to park the car and wait for the elderly lady.
The elderly lady was so upset that she started to cry.
I knew I should take action.
The elderly lady told me her name was Helen.
Helen called the restaurant she and Ed were going to have lunch at after her appointment.
Helen called the restaurant to see if Ed was waiting for her there.
Helen explained that she thought Ed parked the car in the parking lot.
Helen thought Ed waited for her in the car.
Helen did not find Ed in the parking lot.
Helen returned to see if Ed entered the medical building.
Ed was not in the medical building either.
Helen regretted making Ed park the car alone.
Some signs of Alzheimer's had happened in Ed's behavior.
I asked a few nurses to help look for Ed inside the medical building.
I asked a few nurses to help look for Ed outside the medical building.
I asked the nurses to look for Ed according to Helen's description.
I offered to drive Helen to the restaurant.
I offered to drive Helen to see if Ed was waiting for her there.
On arriving at the parking lot of the restaurant, Helen began to search for Ed's car.
Helen failed to find Ed's car.
Helen's failure to find Ed's car suggested Ed wasn't there.
We decided to have a talk with the manager before we returned to the hospital.
On our way to the manager's office, I received a call from a nurse.
The nurse said they had found Ed.
I felt a sense of relief.
We still needed to go on searching since Ed forgot where he parked his car.
Fortunately, we didn't have much difficulty finding Ed's car.
As I waved good-bye to Helen and Ed, I thought that this is true love in life.
The love I thought about is not romantic but it stays with us all the time.
Michael put each finger on the white laces of the football.
Michael's dad had shown Michael how to put his fingers on the white laces of the football.
Michael thought about his school trip to the zoo tomorrow.
Michael could not wait to get to the zoo.
Michael could not wait to see his favorite animal, the lion.
Michael aimed the football at the tire swing that hung in his backyard.
Michael remembered the second thing his dad had taught him about throwing a football.
The second thing Michael's dad had taught him about throwing a football was making sure his shoulder and the football were in a straight line before he threw it.
Michael watched the football sail toward the tire.
Michael's mom called him in for dinner.
Michael's mom had made his favorite food, hotdogs.
Michael sat in the kitchen.
Michael watched as ketchup fell onto his plate as he ate his hotdog.
Michael's mom told him that in order to get his after dinner treat he would have to eat his corn, carrots, and drink all of his milk too.
That night, Michael's mom tucked Michael in to bed.
Michael stared out the window.
Michael wondered if the lions at the zoo were looking up at the moon too.
Michael wondered if his best friends Joe, Nick, and Ryan were as excited as Michael was about going to the zoo the next day.
Michael closed his eyes.
Michael went to sleep.
The next day, Michael hopped from one foot to the other as his class lined up to get on the bus.
The bus would take Michael's class to the zoo.
On the bus, Michael sat with Ryan.
The bus driver started the engine.
The bus driver turned the big steering wheel leading them out onto the road.
Finally, at the zoo, Michael began to imagine how cool it would be to finally get to see the lion cage.
First, Michael's class went to see the monkeys.
Then, Michael's class headed over to see the long-necked giraffes.
As their teacher announced that they would then be going to see the elephants, Michael wondered if he would ever get to see the lions.
Finally, after learning about the elephants, it was time to see the lions.
The lion stood on a huge rock.
The lion swung its long tail from side to side.
The lion licked its lips with its long pink tongue.
Michael wondered if the lion was thinking about having a class full of kids for its lunch.
David went to Auntie's house to visit on Saturday morning.
Sue went to Auntie's house to visit on Saturday morning.
Auntie had some new ducklings in the pond.
David and Sue wanted to see the new ducklings in the pond.
David and Sue went out to the pond.
On the way to the pond, David and Sue saw a frog.
David and Sue saw a boat in the water.
David and Sue saw a water lily.
David and Sue looked in the water.
David and Sue saw the mother duck and her ducklings.
The ducklings were different colors.
Six of the ducklings were brown and yellow.
Four of the ducklings were only yellow.
Two of the ducklings were brown.
One of the ducklings was white.
All of the ducklings were very fuzzy.
David and Sue went back to the house to tell Auntie Beth about the ducklings.
Auntie Beth was cooking on the stove.
Auntie Beth asked Sue to get some eggs.
Auntie Beth asked David to get some butter.
Auntie Beth poured some milk into a bowl of flour.
Auntie Beth made David and Sue a cake.
Auntie Beth said, 'I'm so glad you've come to visit me.'
Sue told Auntie Beth about the things David and Sue saw at the pond.
David said, 'We saw a frog. Don't forget the frog. It was my favorite.'
The visit was good.
A famous building in New York City is turning 100 years old.
A year-long celebration is planned for Grand Central Terminal.
Grand Central Terminal is usually called Grand Central station.
Grand Central Terminal is the sixth most-visited place in the world.
The huge building has not changed much since it opened in February 1913.
About 750,000 people pass through Grand Central every day.
Some people come to look at Grand Central Terminal.
Some people come to visit the stores in Grand Central Terminal.
Most people are at Grand Central Terminal to catch the trains that enter and leave from the station.
Grand Central Terminal is the largest train station in the world.
There are 67 train tracks at Grand Central Terminal.
All of the train tracks at Grand Central Terminal are underground.
The main part of Grand Central Terminal has large, arched windows.
The main part of Grand Central Terminal has a jeweled four-sided clock.
The main part of Grand Central Terminal has ticket windows.
Grand Central Terminal has been seen in many movies through the years.
Dan Brucker is with the New York Transit Authority.
The New York Transit Authority operates Grand Central Terminal.
Dan Brucker has worked for the New York Transit Authority at Grand Central Terminal for 30 years.
In all those years, Dan Brucker has not lost his interest in Grand Central Terminal.
Justin Ferate is a historian.
Justin Ferate has been giving tours of Grand Central Station for 30 years.
Justin Ferate says that Grand Central Station was designed to make travel a pleasure.
Justin Ferate states that why people don't run into each other in Grand Central is simple.
Each block of stone in Grand Central is the length of a person's leg.
Each block of stone in Grand Central is the length of a person's arm.
Each block of stone in Grand Central is a different color.
The blocks of stone in Grand Central create a checkerboard pattern based on a person's dimensions.
A ten-year-long fight against plans to build a huge office building over Grand Central in 1968 helped create the modern preservation movement.
Now, no one would think of changing the beauty of Grand Central Terminal.
Christopher Thomas was 27 years old.
Christopher Thomas was a writer by night.
Christopher Thomas was a teacher by day.
Christopher Thomas noticed that he was always tired.
Christopher Thomas was losing weight fast.
Christopher Thomas was diagnosed with diabetes.
Christopher Thomas would need to inject himself with insulin three times a day for the rest of his life.
If Christopher Thomas did not inject himself with insulin, he risked nerve damage.
If Christopher Thomas did not inject himself with insulin, he risked blindness.
If Christopher Thomas did not inject himself with insulin, he risked death.
Christopher Thomas had no health insurance.
After a month of feeling upset, Christopher Thomas decided to find a way to fight back.
Christopher Thomas left Canton, Michigan for New York.
Christopher Thomas got a job waiting tables.
Christopher Thomas nicknamed himself the Diabetic Rockstar.
Christopher Thomas created diabeticrockstar.com.
Diabeticrockstar.com is a free online community for diabetics and their loved ones.
Over 1,100 people share personal stories, information, and resources on diabeticrockstar.com.
Jason Swencki's son, Kody, was diagnosed with type diabetes at six.
Jason Swencki and Kody visit the online children's forums together most evenings.
Kody gets excited writing to kids from all over.
Jason Swencki is one of the site's volunteers.
Kody does not feel alone because the kids on the forums know what he is going through.
Diabetes is now the seventh leading cause of death in the United States.
There are 24 million diagnosed cases of diabetes in the United States.
More people are being diagnosed with diabetes at younger ages.
Christopher Thomas's main focus is his charity, Fight It.
Fight It provides medicines and supplies to people who can't afford a diabetic's huge expenses.
Fight It has helped 225 people to date.
Fight-it.org has raised about $23,000 in products and in cash.
In May, Christopher Thomas will hold the first annual Diabetic Rockstar Festival in the Caribbean.
Christopher Thomas often devotes up to 50 hours a week to his cause.
Christopher Thomas still does his full-time job waiting tables.
Bentley Gubar is one of Rockstar's original members.
Bentley Gubar says that most diabetes charities are putting money into finding a cure.
Bentley Gubar says that Christopher Thomas is the only person he knows saying people need help now.
An individual in a buggy roared about an outrage as he brought his horse to a standstill.
The individual in the buggy questioned if the other individuals wanted to kill him.
Dave quickly questioned who the individual in the buggy was and if he was hurt.
Ben answered that he did not know if the individual in the buggy was hurt.
Ben stated that the rod took off the individual's hat.
Ben mentioned that whether the rod struck the individual's head or not remains to be seen.
Jackson Lemond demanded to know what the trouble was as he brought his team to a halt.
Buster answered that the trouble was that they hit the man in the buggy with the rod.
The carryall driver grumbled that he told the others to be careful.
The carryall driver stated that it does not pay to act like a passel of wildcats.
Dave expressed that it was too bad the incident happened.
Dave leaped to the ground and ran back to where the buggy stood.
The driver of the buggy was glaring at the other individuals savagely.
Dave anxiously asked the man in the buggy if he was hurt.
The man in the buggy was a total stranger to Dave.
The man in the buggy questioned if he was hurt and asked what the others meant by knocking off his hat with a stick.
Dave explained that it was an accident.
Dave stated that they had their school colors on the fishing rod and were waving them in the air.
Dave mentioned that they did not expect to hit anybody.
The man in the buggy growled that the others were a lot of rowdies.
The man in the buggy demanded to have his hat.
The man in the buggy pointed to where his hat rested on some bushes.
Ben restored the hat to its owner.
Ben stated that they were not rowdies and that it was purely an accident.
Ben added this with a little flash out of his clear eyes.
This year the United States will honour one of the country's most famous writers.
Mark Twain was born in 1835 and died in 1910.
Most readers know that Mark Twain's real name was Samuel Longhome Clemens.
The origin of the pen name 'Mark Twain' is not widely known.
The answer to the origin of the pen name shows Samuel Longhome Clemens' colorful early life before he became a writer.
'Mark Twain' was the cry shouted on a ship when the ship entered a part of a river that was two fathoms deep.
Two fathoms is equivalent to 6 feet.
'Twain' is an old-fashioned way of saying 'two'.
Mark Twain trained as a ship pilot on the Mississippi River for two years.
Mark Twain wrote about his time as a ship pilot in the humorous book Life on the Mississippi, published in 1883.
The Mississippi River would become an important theme in many of Mark Twain's works.
The journey of Huck and Jim along the Mississippi River is featured in Mark Twain's most famous book, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, published in 1884.
Mark Twain had little formal education.
Mark Twain had to teach himself how to write stories.
Whenever possible, Mark Twain would go to public libraries.
Mark Twain spent much time reading and thinking in public libraries.
Reading and thinking greatly helped Mark Twain with his writing.
Mark Twain's life experiences provided him with wonderful material to write about and attract readers.
Mark Twain wrote in a style that has been called 'local colour'.
'Local colour' shows great knowledge of local people and their customs.
Mark Twain is still celebrated today for two books.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was published in 1876.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a follow-up to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
Many people call The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn 'The Great American Novel'.
The most amazing invention in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is the voice of Huck himself.
Huck did not enjoy schooling.
Huck's lack of enjoyment in schooling shows in the way he uses language.
Huck uses a spoken style of language.
Only a master like Mark Twain could copy the way a young southern boy talked so well.
Kaufman County, Texas, Sheriff David Byrnes said at a news conference that precautions are being taken to protect elected officials in the county.
Sheriff David Byrnes made this statement on Sunday after the bodies of District Attorney Mike McLelland and his wife, Cynthia, were found dead on Saturday in their home.
Two months ago, District Attorney Mike McLelland vowed to put away the 'scum' who had killed one of his top deputies.
District Attorney Mike McLelland and his wife, Cynthia, are now dead.
Authorities are not sure whether the killings of Mike McLelland and Cynthia McLelland are part of a broader scheme targeting criminal justice officials.
The bodies of Mike McLelland and Cynthia McLelland were found on Saturday in their home in Kaufman County, which is east of Dallas.
Kaufman city Mayor William Fortner stated that he does not know of anyone who would want to cause harm to Mike McLelland.
Mayor William Fortner believes that Mike McLelland was doing a really good job as a district attorney.
Mayor William Fortner said that police are taking extra precautions to try to ensure that no one else is targeted.
Mayor William Fortner expressed hope that the killers are caught before any more people are lost.
A law enforcement official told The Dallas Morning News that a door was apparently kicked in at the McLelland home.
The law enforcement official reported that there are shell casings everywhere at the scene.
Authorities have not identified a suspect in the killings of Mike McLelland and Cynthia McLelland.
Authorities are not sure whether the deaths of Mike McLelland and Cynthia McLelland are related to the killing of Kaufman County Assistant District Attorney Mark Hasse.
Mark Hasse was killed on his way to work in January.
The Kaufman County sheriff's office brought in the FBI and the Texas Rangers to help with the investigation.
The University of Kansas is a public research university.
The University of Kansas is the largest university in the U.S. state of Kansas.
The University of Kansas has branch campuses located in the towns of Lawrence, Wichita, Overland Park, Salina, and Kansas City, Kansas.
The main campus of the University of Kansas is located in Lawrence on Mount Oread.
Mount Oread is the highest location in Lawrence.
The University of Kansas was founded on March 21, 1865.
The University of Kansas opened in 1866.
The University of Kansas was opened under a charter granted by the Kansas State Legislature in 1864.
The charter was granted following enabling legislation passed in 1863 under the Kansas State Constitution.
The Kansas State Constitution was adopted two years after the 1861 admission of the former Kansas Territory as the 34th state into the Union.
The admission of the former Kansas Territory into the Union followed a very famous bloody internal civil war known as 'Bleeding Kansas' during the 1850s.
The University of Kansas's Medical Center is located in Kansas City, Kansas.
The University of Kansas's University Hospital is located in Kansas City, Kansas.
The Edwards Campus of the University of Kansas is in Overland Park, Kansas.
The Edwards Campus is located in the Kansas City metropolitan area.
The University of Kansas has educational and research sites in Parsons and Topeka.
The University of Kansas has branches of the University of Kansas School of Medicine in Wichita and Salina.
The University of Kansas is one of the 62 members of the Association of American Universities.
In the conference which took place between Sir Marmaduke and Lady Rowley, Sir Marmaduke had an idea about the situation.
Sir Marmaduke thought that nothing further should be done at all.
Sir Marmaduke expressed doubt that Mr. Stanbury would come to their home if he was told not to.
Sir Marmaduke stated that if Mr. Stanbury did come, Nora would not see him.
Sir Marmaduke suggested that Nora would go back with them to the Mandarins.
Sir Marmaduke believed that once Nora was at the Mandarins, she would not be able to see Mr. Stanbury anymore.
Sir Marmaduke insisted that there must be no correspondence or anything of that sort.
Sir Marmaduke believed that if there was no correspondence, the situation would die away.
Lady Rowley declared that Sir Marmaduke's plan would not quite suffice.
Mr. Stanbury had made his offer in due form.
Lady Rowley believed that Mr. Stanbury must be entitled to an answer.
Sir Marmaduke wrote a letter to Mr. Stanbury.
Sir Marmaduke mitigated the asperity of his language in compliance with Lady Rowley's counsels.
The letter was dated April 20th, 186--.
Sir Marmaduke addressed the letter to Mr. Stanbury.
Lady Rowley informed Sir Marmaduke of Mr. Stanbury's proposal to his daughter Nora.
Lady Rowley informed Sir Marmaduke about Mr. Stanbury's circumstances in life.
Sir Marmaduke pointed out that no father would be justified in giving his daughter to a gentleman with a small income.
Sir Marmaduke noted that Mr. Stanbury's income was very insecure.
Sir Marmaduke refused his consent to Mr. Stanbury's proposal.
Sir Marmaduke asked Mr. Stanbury to abstain from visiting and communicating with his daughter Nora.
One summer, the narrator was sixteen years old.
The narrator planted a vegetable garden.
The narrator wanted a bunch of different vegetables.
The narrator planted seven tomato plants.
The narrator planted three pepper plants.
The narrator planted six corn plants.
The narrator planted two cucumber plants.
The narrator's mom loves zucchini.
The narrator also planted ten zucchini plants.
The narrator watered the garden daily with a watering can.
When weeds started to take over, the narrator pulled them back.
About a month in, the narrator started getting fresh vegetables every day.
The narrator walked to the garden with a big basket every morning.
The narrator picked the vegetables that were ready.
Sometimes the narrator ate the vegetables right off the vine.
One day, the narrator walked down to the garden.
The narrator saw that the zucchini plants were taking over.
Each of the ten zucchini plants had many zucchinis.
The ten zucchini plants gave the narrator hundreds of zucchinis each week.
The narrator didn't know what to do with the zucchinis.
The narrator gave some zucchinis to the neighbor.
The narrator gave some zucchinis to the parents to take to their friends.
The narrator went door to door and gave zucchinis to everyone in the neighborhood.
Greta ran to the corner with her older brother Tony.
Tony had money for the ice cream truck in his pocket.
Greta was very happy.
The ice cream truck had been parked at the curb waiting for children for a very long time.
The ice cream truck driver thought that no more children were coming to get ice cream.
The ice cream truck driver started pulling away from the curb when Greta and Tony got to the corner.
Greta and Tony yelled.
Greta and Tony screamed, 'Stop! Stop!'
Greta and Tony jumped up and down on the sidewalk trying to get the ice cream truck driver to see them.
The driver of the truck saw Greta and Tony.
The driver of the truck waved at Greta and Tony and smiled.
The driver of the truck pulled back to the curb.
The driver of the truck opened his truck up so that Greta and Tony could see everything that he had for sale.
Greta and Tony were so excited.
Greta and Tony saw some new treats.
Tony wanted to try something new.
Tony got an ice cream sundae with chocolate ice cream and nuts.
Tony almost got a snow cone.
Greta looked at everything that the ice cream truck had.
Greta saw candy, ice cream cones, snow cones, and everything else.
Everything that Greta saw looked so good.
After looking at everything, Greta wanted to get an ice cream sandwich.
Greta got the ice cream sandwich.
Greta bit into the ice cream sandwich and smiled.
The ice cream sandwich tasted so good.
Greta felt so happy.
Tony was happy too.
Tony bit into his ice cream cone sundae and grinned.
Greta and Tony walked home with their ice cream.
Greta and Tony told their mom about how close they came to not getting their ice cream at all.
Greta and Tony's mom was happy that the truck had stopped for them.
Greta and Tony's mom said that they were very lucky to have gotten to the curb before the ice cream truck left.
Lucy Li is an 11-year-old girl.
Lucy Li is the youngest person to qualify for a US Women's Open golf tournament.
Lucy Li qualified for the US Women's Open in May.
Lucy Li set a new record by seven strokes.
Lucy Li is playing against some of the best female golfers in the world.
Earlier this week, Lucy Li said that she wasn't nervous about becoming the centre of attention at today's game.
Lucy Li wants to have fun and play the best she can.
Lucy Li really doesn't care about the result of the game.
Lucy Li can learn a lot from great players.
Lucy Li doesn't spend all her time golfing.
Lucy Li is home-schooled in an online Stanford University programme.
Lucy Li's favourite subjects are Maths, History, and Science.
Lucy Li loves to read.
Lucy Li loves medicine.
Lucy Li loves diving.
Lucy Li loves badminton.
Lucy Li loves dancing.
Lucy Li loves table tennis.
Golf is Lucy Li's favourite sport.
Lucy Li likes golf because it's different from other sports.
Lucy Li believes that anybody can play golf.
Some female golfers are worried that Lucy Li isn't quite ready for the Open.
Stacy Lewis is a world champion golfer.
Stacy Lewis expressed concern about Lucy Li's readiness for the US Open.
Stacy Lewis said that if Lucy Li was her kid, she wouldn't let her play in the US Open at all.
Dottie Pepper is an ESPN analyst.
Dottie Pepper thinks that the most important thing is that Lucy Li doesn't think of winning.
Dottie Pepper believes that if Lucy Li's success is not based on score, then she is not too young.
Dottie Pepper stated that the important thing for Lucy Li is to treat the whole experience as a kid on the golf course.
Dottie Pepper advised Lucy Li to forget expectations.
Israel was happy.
Israel was very happy.
The news of a deal to bring home the kidnapped soldier Gilad Shalit spread.
Gilad Shalit was a young man held prisoner by Hamas for five years.
The happiness of Israel was hardened by the reality of the price Israelis had paid to set Gilad Shalit free.
The price included the exchange of 1,027 Palestinian prisoners for the single Israeli corporal.
The 1,027 Palestinian prisoners included men and women convicted of some of the worst terrorist attacks in Israel.
Aya Ilouz expressed ambivalent feelings on the matter.
Aya Ilouz was strolling in downtown Jerusalem with her husband Liron and their 5-month-old daughter Yael.
Aya Ilouz and Liron are in sync on the question of the day.
Liron said they were very happy and excited to see Gilad Shalit meet his family.
Aya Ilouz expressed concern about what happens next.
Liron explained that when the next terrorist blows himself up, someone will have to answer.
Alan Bauer had been walking home with his son on March 21, 2002.
A Palestinian man named Mohammad Hashaika exploded a suicide vest packed with metal scraps.
Eighty-four people were wounded that day.
Of the three killed, one was a woman pregnant with twins.
Israeli courts convicted the two women who drove Mohammad Hashaika to the site of the bombing.
The two women eased Mohammad Hashaika's way past the Israeli checkpoint by buying flowers.
Alan Bauer stated that these women are being released.
Specifics have a way of weakening the joy of Gilad Shalit's release.
Among the 477 prisoners released on Tuesday, in the first phase of the exchange, is an organizer of the 2002 Passover bombing that killed 30 people.
Among the released prisoners is a woman who developed an online relationship with a lovesick Israeli youth she then had murdered.
Among the released prisoners is the man who proudly displayed his bloody hands to the mob gathered outside the Ramallah building where two Israeli soldiers were beaten to death.
When the list of released prisoners became public, victims of terrorism appealed to Israel's supreme court to prevent the prisoner exchange.
The court hearing was interrupted repeatedly by upset survivors.
Shvuel Schijveschuurder lost five of his family members in a 2001 attack at a Jerusalem Sbarro.
Shvuel Schijveschuurder protested the release of the woman who drove the suicide bomber to the pizza restaurant.
Shvuel Schijveschuurder poured paint on a memorial to Yitzhak Rabin.
Yitzhak Rabin was the Prime Minister slain by an Israeli extremist for signing the Oslo Accords.
Eliad Moreh Rosenberg was wounded in the 2002 terrorism bombing at the Hebrew University cafeteria.
Eliad Moreh Rosenberg stated that when 1,027 prisoners are released, it is abstract and does not mean anything.
Eliad Moreh Rosenberg stated that for victims of terror, it is a reality.
Israeli officials calculate that 60% of those released resume terrorism attacks.
To help prevent the resumption of terrorism, Israel insisted that most of the prisoners liberated be sent to the Gaza Strip.
The Gaza Strip is sealed off from Israel and under the control of Hamas.
Hamas says it continues to observe a cease-fire.
Some prisoners were sent into exile in Turkey, Qatar, or Syria.
About 100 prisoners arrived in the West Bank.
The government in the West Bank is led by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.
The Palestinian Authority works diligently to suppress terrorism.
The Palestinian Authority cooperates with Israeli intelligence and military.
With the future uncertain, Jewish Israelis stopped and stared at televisions wherever they came upon them.
At midmorning outside the 24-hour Hillel Market, 50 people were gathered under a flat screen.
The people were catching the first images of Gilad Shalit, who looked painfully thin.
Anat Rubin, who is 42 years old, said it was moving and very exciting.
Anat Rubin saw photos of Gilad Shalit getting out of the car.
Anat Rubin said it gave her chills.
Anat Rubin heard Hamas say that it was keen to kidnap more Israelis to win freedom for the 6,000 Palestinians still in Israeli prisons.
Anat Rubin expressed that she does not want to see the photos of Hamas doing the V for victory.
Anat Rubin expressed mixed feelings, stating she is happy and sad all together.
The Labrador has won the honor of the most popular breed for the past eighteen years.
The Labrador has been described as gentle, clever, and friendly.
Not all Labradors are the same.
John Grogan discovered something after he and his wife adopted a Labrador.
John Grogan and his wife named their Labrador Marley.
Marley caused John Grogan a lot of trouble.
Marley provided many stories for John Grogan's newspaper articles.
John Grogan later wrote a best-selling book titled 'Marley and Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.'
Marley was happy and fun-loving.
Marley was extremely large and difficult to control.
Marley bit anything that he could find around the house.
Marley bit plastic, clothing, and jewelry.
Marley had a great fear of loud noises.
Marley had a particular fear of thunderstorms.
The Grogans lived in Florida.
Many thunderstorms develop in Florida.
Marley would attack the furniture, walls, and doors during a thunderstorm.
Marley would attack the furniture, walls, and doors until his feet bled if he was left alone in the house during a thunderstorm.
Marley almost damaged the Grogans' home several times.
John Grogan said that at first he considered that probably Marley could be trained to be a show champion.
John Grogan soon realized that it was impossible for Marley to be trained as a show champion.
Marley didn't like to learn skills that didn't belong to dogs.
Marley was driven out of the dog training school for causing trouble for other dogs.
Marley didn't want to hide his emotions.
Marley would show his anger and tiredness if he felt them.
Despite his behavior, Marley still earned a place in the Grogans' home.
Marley didn't know how to dance.
Marley didn't know how to walk on his two legs.
Marley was what he was.
Marley would never be a Lassie or a Benji or an old Yeller.
Marley would never like to take part in a dog show.
The Grogans accepted Marley and loved him very much.
There once was a wolf that liked to scare the other forest animals.
By daylight, the wolf pretended to be a kind, nice wolf.
By night, the wolf would circle the forest.
The wolf would hunt down his food at night.
When the wolf was very hungry, he would find humans.
The wolf would woof like a dog in hopes that someone would feed him.
The wolf's favorite food was meat seasoned with lemon.
The wolf liked to watch his food run in circles like a hamster.
The wolf would watch his food run in circles until he felt like eating it.
Sometimes the wolf would stay in the sand.
The wolf would lay in the sun until he would crawl back to his home.
The wolf would fall asleep with a full stomach.
On other days, the wolf goes home hungry.
Sometimes there would be a knock on the wolf's door.
The wolf would be pleased when there was a knock on his door.
A knock on the wolf's door meant his dinner had come to him.
The wolf would not have to hunt on days when his dinner came to him.
Those days were the best for the wolf, by far.
As the narrator drove along, the narrator's spirits went up again.
The narrator turned, with pleasure, to the thought of the new life which the narrator was entering.
It was not far past the middle of September.
The heavy clouds and strong north-easterly wind combined to make the day extremely cold.
The journey seemed a very long one.
It was nearly one o'clock before the narrator and the companions reached the place of their destination.
When the narrator entered the gateway, the narrator's heart failed.
The narrator wished the destination were a mile or two farther off.
For the first time in the narrator's life, the narrator must stand alone.
There was no retreating now for the narrator.
The narrator must enter the house and introduce themselves among its strange people.
The narrator wondered how the introduction was to be done.
The narrator was near nineteen years old.
Thanks to the protecting care of the narrator's mother and sister, the narrator knew that many girls of fifteen or under were gifted with a more womanly address and greater ease and self-possession than the narrator.
The narrator believed they would do very well after all.
The narrator thought they would soon be at ease with the children.
The narrator told themselves to be calm, whatever happens.
The narrator was fully occupied in steadying their nerves and keeping down the rebellious beat of their heart.
When the narrator was admitted into the hall and into the presence of Mrs. Bloomfield, the narrator almost forgot to answer her polite greeting.
The little the narrator did say was spoken in the tone of one half-dead or half-asleep.
Mrs. Bloomfield showed the narrator their bedroom with due politeness.
Mrs. Bloomfield left the narrator in the bedroom to take a little refreshment for a little while.
Mrs. Bloomfield led the narrator into the dining-room.
Some beefsteaks and potatoes were set before the narrator.
While the narrator dined upon the beefsteaks and potatoes, Mrs. Bloomfield sat opposite, watching the narrator.
Mrs. Bloomfield tried to keep something like a conversation, consisting chiefly of commonplace remarks.
The narrator's attention was almost wholly absorbed in their dinner.
The narrator's attention was not from appetite, but from the toughness of the beefsteaks and the numbness of their hands.
Mrs. Bloomfield stated that she had had so little time to attend to the education of the children herself.
Mrs. Bloomfield thought the children were clever and very willing to learn, especially the little boy.
Mrs. Bloomfield described the little boy as the flower of the flock.
Mrs. Bloomfield described the little boy as a generous, noble-spirited boy, one to be led, but not driven, and remarkable for always speaking the truth.
Mrs. Bloomfield stated that her daughter Mary Ann would require watching.
Mrs. Bloomfield described Mary Ann as a very good girl on the whole.
Mrs. Bloomfield wished Mary Ann to be kept out of the nursery as much as possible.
Mary Ann was now almost six years old.
Mrs. Bloomfield believed Mary Ann might acquire bad habits from the nurses.
Mrs. Bloomfield ordered Mary Ann's bed to be placed in the narrator's room.
Mrs. Bloomfield asked the narrator to look after Mary Ann's washing and dressing and take charge of her clothes.
Mrs. Bloomfield stated that Mary Ann needed to have nothing further to do with the nursery maid.
The narrator replied they were quite willing to do so.
At that moment, the children entered the room.
Tom Bloomfield was a well-grown boy of seven.
Mary was a tall girl for her age of six and somewhat dark like her mother.
The second sister was Fanny, a very pretty little girl looking younger than Mary.
The remaining child was Harriet, a little broad, fat, merry, playful thing of scarcely two.
The narrator had more desire for Harriet than all the rest, but the narrator had nothing to do with Harriet.
The day after the little conference at John's, Felix received a note.
The note was addressed to Felix.
The note was from Stanley.
Stanley invited Felix to put up with them at Becket when Felix goes down to see old Tod.
Stanley mentioned that any time would suit for the visit.
Stanley offered that the car can take Felix over to Joyfields when Felix likes.
Stanley suggested that Felix should give the pen a rest.
Clara joins in hoping that Felix will come.
Stanley's mother is still at Becket.
Stanley implied that it is no use to ask Flora.
During the twenty years of Felix's brother's sojourn at Becket, Felix had been down to Becket perhaps once a year.
Felix had been going to Becket alone lately.
Flora had accompanied Felix the first few times he went to Becket.
Flora took a firm stand against going to Becket.
Flora expressed that she feels all body at Becket.
Felix responded to Flora that it is no bad thing to feel all body once in a while.
Flora remained firm in her decision not to go to Becket.
Flora believed that life was too short.
Flora did not get on well with Clara.
Felix did not feel too happy in his sister-in-law Clara's presence.
The gray top-hat instinct kept Felix going to Becket.
Felix believed one ought to keep in touch with one's brothers.
Felix replied to Stanley's note.
Felix expressed delight in Stanley's invitation.
Felix asked if he may bring his two youngsters.
Felix stated that they will arrive at Becket tomorrow at four-fifty.
Felix signed the reply as 'Yours affectionately, Felix.'
Travelling with Nedda was always jolly for Felix.
Felix could watch Nedda's eyes noting and inquiring during travel.
Felix could have his little finger hooked in and squeezed by Nedda when occasion served.
Travelling with Alan was convenient for Felix.
Alan had a way with railways that Felix had long despaired of acquiring.
Neither of Felix's children had ever been to Becket.
Alan was seldom curious about Becket.
Nedda was too curious about everything to be specially curious about Becket.
Felix experienced the sensations of a new adventure in the company of his children.
Radical Islamic websites posted an Arab Spring audio message on Wednesday.
The audio message is purportedly recorded by Osama bin Laden shortly before Osama bin Laden was killed.
The recording is more than 12 minutes long.
The recording was released by al Qaeda's media arm, As-Sahab.
The speaker of the audio message is listed as Osama bin Laden.
Osama bin Laden is called 'the martyr of Islam' in the audio message.
The audio begins with a prayer.
The audio contains remarks reportedly made by Osama bin Laden about anti-government protests and uprisings earlier in the year.
The protests and uprisings occurred in several African and Middle East countries.
CNN translated the audio message.
CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the audio message.
The Islamic date associated with the audio indicates it was recorded between April 4 and May 3.
The posting of the audio message came one day before U.S. President Barack Obama was to deliver a speech.
The speech by U.S. President Barack Obama was to highlight his administration's revised policies toward the Arab region.
The revised policies were in the wake of the Arab Spring protests.
A U.S. official told CNN that a message with similar topics was seized at Osama bin Laden's Pakistan compound during the May 2 raid by U.S. commandos.
The U.S. official spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the classified nature of the information.
The U.S. official has not yet compared the recordings.
The audio on the websites calls for solidarity among Muslims.
Osama bin Laden's message includes a statement to the Muslim Umma (nation) about monitoring the historic event.
Osama bin Laden expresses joy and delight for the victories of the Muslim Umma.
Osama bin Laden wishes for God's mercy on the martyrs of the Muslim Umma.
Osama bin Laden prays for the cure of the injured and the release of the prisoners of the Muslim Umma.
Guam is an unincorporated and organized territory of the United States.
Guam is located in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.
Guam is one of five American territories with an established civilian government.
The capital city of Guam is Hagta.
The most populous city of Guam is Dededo.
In 2015, 161,785 people resided on Guam.
Guamanians are American citizens by birth.
Guam has an area of 544 km2.
Guam has an area of 210 sq mi.
Guam has a density of 297/km.
Guam has a density of 770/sq mi.
Guam is the largest and southernmost of the Mariana Islands.
Guam is the largest island in Micronesia.
Among its municipalities, Mongmong-Toto-Maite has the highest density at 1,425/km.
Among its municipalities, Mongmong-Toto-Maite has the highest density at 3,691/sq mi.
Inarajan has the lowest density at 47/km.
Inarajan has the lowest density at 119/sq mi.
Umatac has the lowest density at 47/km.
Umatac has the lowest density at 119/sq mi.
The highest point in Guam is Mount Lamlam.
Mount Lamlam is 406 meters above sea level.
Mount Lamlam is 1,332 ft above sea level.
The Chamorros are Guam's indigenous people.
The Chamorros settled the island approximately 4,000 years ago.
Ferdinand Magellan was a Portuguese explorer.
Ferdinand Magellan was the first European to visit the island on March 6, 1521.
Guam was colonized in 1668 with settlers.
Diego Luis de San Vitores was a Catholic missionary.
Between the 1500s and the 1700s, Guam was an important stopover for the Spanish Manila Galleons.
During the SpanishAmerican War, the United States captured Guam on June 21, 1898.
Under the Treaty of Paris, Spain ceded Guam to the United States on December 10, 1898.
Guam is amongst the seventeen Non-Self-Governing Territories of the United Nations.
Bathurst was alone.
Bathurst threw himself down among the bushes in an attitude of utter depression.
Bathurst groaned about not being killed with the others.
Bathurst questioned why he was not killed when he sat by Isobel Hannay's side.
Bathurst lay for an hour.
Bathurst slowly rose and looked around.
There was a faint light in the sky.
Bathurst said to himself that it would be light in another hour.
Bathurst sat down again.
Bathurst suddenly started.
Bathurst wondered if someone had spoken or if he had fancied it.
Bathurst seemed to hear the words 'Wait till I come.'
Bathurst heard the words plainly, just as he had heard Rujub's summons before.
Bathurst concluded that it was Rujub who spoke.
Bathurst questioned how Rujub could make him hear in this way.
Bathurst was sure it was Rujub's voice.
Bathurst decided to wait.
Bathurst believed that Rujub was thinking of him.
Bathurst was sure Rujub would help him.
Bathurst knew he could do nothing by himself.
Bathurst assumed with unquestioning faith that Isobel Hannay was alive.
Bathurst had no reason for his confidence in Isobel Hannay's survival.
The first shower of grape might have killed Isobel Hannay as it killed others.
Bathurst would not admit the doubt in his mind about Isobel Hannay's fate.
Wilson's description of what had happened while Bathurst was insensible was one of the grounds of his confidence.
Bathurst had heard women scream.
Mrs. Hunter and her daughter were the only other women in the boat.
Bathurst believed Isobel Hannay would not have screamed had the muskets been pointed at her.
Bathurst did not think the others would have screamed either.
The women screamed when they saw the natives about to murder those who were with them.
The three women were sitting together.
If one woman had fallen by the grape shot, all would probably have been killed.
Bathurst felt confident that Isobel Hannay had escaped.
Bathurst believed he would have known if Isobel Hannay had been killed.
Bill Gates was born on October 28th, 1955.
Bill Gates grew up in Seattle, Washington.
Bill Gates was named William Henry after his father.
Bill Gates was named William Henry after his grandfather.
Bill Gates was a very clever boy.
Bill Gates' favourite subjects at school were science and maths.
When Bill Gates was 13 years old, Bill Gates started to play with computers.
At that time, computers were very large machines.
Bill Gates was interested in a very old computer.
Bill Gates and some of his friends spent lots of time doing unusual things with the old computer.
In the end, Bill Gates and his friends worked out a software programme with the old machine.
Bill Gates sold the software programme for 4,200 dollars when Bill Gates was only 17.
In 1973, Bill Gates went to Harvard University.
At Harvard University, Bill Gates developed the BASIC language for the first microcomputer.
In his third year at Harvard University, Bill Gates left Harvard to work for a company called Microsoft.
Bill Gates began the company Microsoft in 1975 with his friend Paul Allen.
Bill Gates and Paul Allen thought that the computer would be a very important tool in every office.
Bill Gates and Paul Allen thought that the computer would be a very important tool in every home.
Bill Gates and Paul Allen began developing software for personal computers.
Bill Gates and Paul Allen improved the software to make it easier for people to use computers.
The 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay was run from March 24 until August 8, 2008.
The 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay occurred prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The theme of the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay was 'one world, one dream'.
Plans for the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay were announced on April 26, 2007.
The announcement for the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay took place in Beijing, China.
The 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay was also called the 'Journey of Harmony' by the organizers.
The 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay lasted 129 days.
The 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay carried the torch 137,000 km.
The distance of 137,000 km is equivalent to 85,000 mi.
The 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay was the longest distance of any Olympic torch relay since the tradition was started ahead of the 1936 Summer Olympics.
The torch was lit at the birthplace of the Olympic Games in Olympia, Greece on March 24.
After being lit, the torch traveled to the Panathinaiko Stadium in Athens.
The torch then traveled to Beijing, arriving on March 31.
From Beijing, the torch followed a route passing through six continents.
The torch visited cities along the Silk Road.
The cities along the Silk Road symbolize ancient links between China and the rest of the world.
The relay included an ascent with the flame to the top of Mount Everest.
Mount Everest is located on the border of Nepal and Tibet, China.
The ascent to the top of Mount Everest was closed specially for the event.
After the disappearance of Jarley Bangs, the Rover boys and their chums continued their trip on horseback.
Spouter suggested moving over the hill in the direction of the Bimbel ranch.
Spouter expressed a desire to get a bird's-eye view of the Bimbel ranch.
Fred advised that they had better not go too close to the Bimbel ranch.
Fred warned that Bimbel may be getting out a shotgun for them.
The situation may not be as bad as Fred suggested.
The bad events might have happened years ago when the country was more sparsely settled.
There were more bad men around in the past.
The narrator does not take much stock in what Jarley Bangs said.
The narrator speculated that Jarley Bangs and Bimbel have quarreled.
The narrator perceived Jarley Bangs as a man who could get into a dispute very easily.
Fred was only fooling when he expressed fear about riding up to Bimbel's door.
Fred stated that he wouldn't be afraid to ride right up to Bimbel's door during the daytime.
Fred acknowledged that if they rode up to Bimbel's door at night, Bimbel might become suspicious.
Andy questioned the group about the time, stating that it was five minutes to twelve.
Andy moved that they keep their eyes open for a place to take it easy and have lunch.
Andy's brother seconded the motion in a joking manner familiar to them from their father.
The boys rode on for half an hour longer.
The boys reached the top of the hill they were ascending.
At the top of the hill, the boys could look a long distance in all directions.
Jack declared that the view was impressive as he surveyed the panorama.
Jack remarked that it was a picture for an artist to paint.
Jack pointed to the majestic mountains to the westward.
The explorers were reduced to a state of forced inaction regarding the main object of their expedition.
The explorers did not waste their time in idleness.
Each member of the party went zealously to work in a way that was most suitable to his inclination.
The Captain told the party they might now do as they pleased.
The Captain meant to spend a good deal of his time taking notes and observations.
The Captain intended to question the chief men about the lands lying to the northward.
The Captain planned to repair and improve the hut.
The Captain aimed to help the natives in various ways to gain their regard.
Leo spent much of his time with his rifle.
The natives were not expert hunters.
The natives occasionally were badly off for food.
Alf shouldered his botanical box and went out with a hammer to break stones.
Butterface referred to Alf's activity as 'breaking stones'.
Benjy sometimes followed Alf.
Benjy more frequently followed Leo.
Benjy always carried his father's double-barrelled shot-gun.
Benjy preferred the double-barrelled shot-gun because his powers with the rifle were not yet developed.
Benjy sometimes went with Toolooha in one of the native oomiaks to fish.
Benjy sometimes went with Tekkona in one of the native oomiaks to fish.
Benjy sometimes went with Oblooria in one of the native oomiaks to fish.
At other times, Benjy practiced paddling in the native kayak.
Benjy practiced paddling so that he might accompany Chingatok on excursions to the neighbouring islands after seals and wild-fowl.
RCA Records is an American record label.
RCA Records is owned by Sony Music.
Sony Music is a subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America.
RCA Records is one of Sony Music's three flagship record labels.
The other two flagship record labels of Sony Music are Columbia Records and Epic Records.
RCA Records has released multiple genres of music.
The genres of music released by RCA Records include pop, rock, hip hop, electronic, R&B, blues, jazz, and country.
The company's name, RCA, is derived from the initials of the label's former parent company, the Radio Corporation of America.
RCA Records is the second oldest recording company in US history.
The oldest recording company in US history is Columbia Records.
RCA's Canadian unit was formerly known as Berliner Gramophone Canada.
RCA's Canadian unit is Sony's oldest label in Canada.
RCA's Canadian unit was one of only two Canadian record companies to survive the Great Depression.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Britney Spears.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Shakira.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Christina Aguilera.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Miley Cyrus.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Justin Timberlake.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Alicia Keys.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Usher.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Charlie Wilson.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include R. Kelly.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Enrique Iglesias.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Foo Fighters.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Kings of Leon.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Kesha.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Chris Brown.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include D'Angelo.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Pink.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Walk the Moon.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Pitbull.
Artists currently signed to RCA Records include Zayn.
In 1929, the Radio Corporation of America purchased the Victor Talking Machine Company.
The Victor Talking Machine Company was the world's largest manufacturer of phonographs.
The Victor Talking Machine Company manufactured the famous 'Victrola'.
The Victor Talking Machine Company manufactured phonograph records.
In British English, phonograph records are referred to as gramophone records.
After the purchase, the company became RCA Victor.
RCA Victor retained use of the Victor Records name on their labels until the beginning of 1946.
In 1946, the labels were finally switched over to RCA Victor.
With Victor, RCA acquired New World rights to the famous Nipper 'His Master's Voice' trademark.
In Shanghai, China, RCA Victor was the main competitor with Baak Doi.
Baak Doi is associated with EMI.
Singer Carmen Miranda was signed to RCA Victor's Brazilian branch from 1929 to 1935.
Carmen Miranda was still only known in Brazil during her time with RCA Victor.
Elvis Cole and Joe Pike are private detectives in modern-day Los Angeles.
Elvis Cole and Joe Pike are the stars of Robert Crais' award-winning series of crime novels.
Robert Crais is a best-selling author.
Elvis Cole and Joe Pike have been busting bad guys since 1987's 'The Monkey's Raincoat.'
'The Monkey's Raincoat' is the first book in the series.
The books in the series are international bestsellers.
The books have been published in 42 countries.
The books have developed a fervent following.
'Taken' is Robert Crais's newest novel.
'Taken' is the 15th novel featuring Elvis Cole and Joe Pike.
In 'Taken,' Elvis Cole and Joe Pike take on a group of criminals called bajadores.
Bajadores are bandits who prey on other bandits along the U.S.-Mexico border.
Bajadores deal in drugs, murder, and kidnapping.
'Taken' is intense and fast-paced.
'Taken' reads like a big-budget Hollywood blockbuster.
Robert Crais began his career writing for television series.
Robert Crais wrote for the television series 'Hill Street Blues.'
Robert Crais wrote for the television series 'Cagney & Lacey.'
Robert Crais wrote for the television series 'Miami Vice.'
CNN recently spoke to Robert Crais about his new book.
CNN spoke to Robert Crais about his loyal fans.
CNN spoke to Robert Crais about why he has refused to bring Elvis Cole and Joe Pike to the big screen.
Robert Crais strives to bring something new to each book in the series.
Robert Crais does not want to write the same book over and over again.
Robert Crais has written Elvis books.
Robert Crais has written Joe books.
Robert Crais has written mixed books.
Robert Crais made a conscious decision to tell a story where Elvis Cole and Joe Pike have equal footing.
In the story, Elvis Cole and Joe Pike share the stage.
Part of the book features Elvis Cole and Joe Pike working together.
Elvis Cole has a track through the story.
Joe Pike has a track where he is trying to find and save Elvis Cole.
North Dakota is a state in the midwestern and northern regions of the United States.
North Dakota is the 19th most extensive state of the 50 U.S. states.
North Dakota is the 4th least populous state of the 50 U.S. states.
North Dakota is the 4th most sparsely populated state of the 50 U.S. states.
North Dakota was admitted as the 39th state to the Union on November 2, 1889.
The state capital of North Dakota is Bismarck.
The largest city in North Dakota is Fargo.
North Dakota weathered the Great Recession of the early 21st century with a boom in natural resources.
The boom in natural resources in North Dakota was particularly a boom in oil extraction from the Bakken formation.
The Bakken formation lies beneath the northwestern part of North Dakota.
The development of natural resources in North Dakota drove strong job and population growth.
North Dakota experienced low unemployment due to the boom in natural resources.
Falling oil prices have put pressure on North Dakota's state finances.
Falling oil prices have led to questions about the lack of diversity in the North Dakota economy.
Falling oil prices have led to questions about the vulnerability of the North Dakota economy to commodity price swings.
North Dakota is in the U.S. region known as the Great Plains.
North Dakota shares the Red River of the North with Minnesota to the east.
South Dakota is located to the south of North Dakota.
Montana is located to the west of North Dakota.
The Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba are located to the north of North Dakota.
North Dakota is situated near the middle of North America.
A stone marker in Rugby, North Dakota marks the 'Geographic Center of the North American Continent'.
With an area of , North Dakota is the 19th largest state.
David Duerson was a former Chicago Bears safety.
David Duerson shot himself in the chest in February.
David Duerson left behind a note requesting his brain be studied for evidence of a disease striking football players.
The note from David Duerson read, 'Please, see that my brain is given to the NFL's brain bank.'
Scientists announced that David Duerson's brain tissue showed 'moderately advanced' evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
Chronic traumatic encephalopathy is a dementia-like brain disease afflicting athletes exposed to repeated brain trauma.
Dr. Ann McKee is a neuropathologist with the Bedford VA Medical Center.
Dr. Ann McKee is also the co-director of the Boston University School of Medicine Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy.
Dr. Ann McKee stated that David Duerson had classic pathology of chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
Dr. Ann McKee stated that there was no evidence of any other disease in David Duerson.
David Duerson had severe involvement of areas that control judgment, inhibition, impulse control, mood, and memory.
Chronic traumatic encephalopathy has been found in the brains of 14 of 15 former NFL players studied at the center.
The cases of chronic traumatic encephalopathy share a common thread of repeated concussions, sub-concussive blows to the head, or both.
The emerging picture from these cases suggests that trauma could be causing brain damage.
A brain with chronic traumatic encephalopathy is riddled with dense clumps of a protein called tau.
Under a microscope, tau appears as brown tangles that look similar to dementia.
Cases of chronic traumatic encephalopathy have shown a progressive, dementia-like array in players well in advance of a typical dementia diagnosis.
A typical dementia diagnosis occurs in the 70s or 80s.
Mike Webster was an offensive lineman with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Mike Webster's chronic traumatic encephalopathy was diagnosed posthumously.
Mike Webster was 50 years old when he died.
John Grimsley was a nine-year NFL veteran who played most of his career with the Houston Oilers.
John Grimsley was 45 years old when he died.
David Duerson was 50 years old when he died.
Scientists at Boston University have found evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in the brain of an athlete as young as 18.
Brad Pitt has a great deal going on.
Brad Pitt is a dad to six children.
Brad Pitt is a fianc.
Brad Pitt is an activist.
Brad Pitt is a perfume pitchman.
Brad Pitt still manages to squeeze in some time acting.
Brad Pitt recently sat down with A.J. Hammer.
A.J. Hammer is associated with 'Showbiz Tonight'.
Brad Pitt talked about his latest project, the mob film 'Killing Them Softly'.
Brad Pitt addressed the question of when he plans to marry partner Angelina Jolie.
A.J. Hammer mentioned that 'Killing Them Softly' is a mob movie.
A.J. Hammer believes that 'Killing Them Softly' is the first mob movie that has political campaign speeches throughout it.
Brad Pitt expressed that he likes to mix it up.
A.J. Hammer asked Brad Pitt if the film was as much about making a mob movie as it was about sending a political message.
Brad Pitt referred to Andrew Dominik as a good friend of his.
Andrew Dominik is the writer and director of 'Killing Them Softly'.
Andrew Dominik is from Australia.
Brad Pitt found Andrew Dominik's view of America to be very interesting.
Andrew Dominik feels somewhat oppressed.
Brad Pitt stated that Andrew Dominik believes we get caught up in trying to sell the idea that the image is more important than the actual substance.
Andrew Dominik was trying to convey this message with the story of 'Killing Them Softly'.
Andrew Dominik found a book about a crime syndicate.
Andrew Dominik made comparisons to not just politics, but also the financial crisis.
Brad Pitt described the financial crisis as a good subject matter.
A.J. Hammer noted the timeliness of the idea of the mob dealing with corporate concerns.
A.J. Hammer mentioned the concept of falling off a fiscal cliff.
A.J. Hammer asked how timely the film is coming off the political season.
One day, my family took a vacation to the beach.
My family was in a car for over 10 hours.
It felt like my family was in the car for maybe 11, 12, or 13 hours.
My family thought the car ride would only be 8 hours.
My family got lost during the car ride.
My mom and dad were in the front seat of the car.
My sister and I were in the back seat of the car.
My sister and I were very bored during the car ride.
My sister and I had to sit still and stay quiet for a lot of the time.
My dad needed to be a good driver.
My sister and I played with our dolls during the car ride.
My sister and I tried to play easy games during the car ride.
I could not read in the car because I felt too sick.
I could not eat in the car because I felt too sick.
My sister spilled Coke on the car.
My mom spanked my sister with a glove.
The look of sadness on my sister's face almost made me cry.
My family got to the ocean so late at night.
My family took a nice walk next to the ocean.
My family went to bed after the walk.
My family was so tired from doing nothing all day.
The next morning, my family woke up early.
My family ran to the beach.
My family saw many animals at the beach.
My family saw dolphins at the beach.
My family saw turtles at the beach.
My family saw fish at the beach.
My family was hoping to see a shark.
I am glad my family did not see a shark.
When it was lunch time, my family played with some chalk.
My mother made lunch during lunch time.
I was very happy during the vacation.
I had a great vacation.
Lublin Voivodeship is a voivodeship located in southeastern Poland.
Lublin Voivodeship is also known as Lublin Province.
Lublin Voivodeship is referred to as 'wojewdztwo lubelskie' in Polish.
Lublin Voivodeship was created on January 1, 1999.
Lublin Voivodeship was created out of the former Lublin, Chem, Zamo, Biaa Podlaska, and partially Tarnobrzeg and Siedlce Voivodeships.
The creation of Lublin Voivodeship was pursuant to Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998.
Lublin Voivodeship is named after its largest city and regional capital, Lublin.
The territory of Lublin Voivodeship is made of four historical lands.
The western part of Lublin Voivodeship belongs to Lesser Poland.
The eastern part of Lublin Voivodeship belongs to Red Ruthenia.
The northeast part of Lublin Voivodeship belongs to Polesie and Podlasie.
Lublin Voivodeship is bordered by Subcarpathian Voivodeship to the south.
Lublin Voivodeship is bordered by witokrzyskie Voivodeship to the south-west.
Lublin Voivodeship is bordered by Masovian Voivodeship to the west and north.
Lublin Voivodeship is bordered by Podlaskie Voivodeship along a short boundary to the north.
Lublin Voivodeship is bordered by Belarus and Ukraine to the east.
The population of Lublin Voivodeship as of 2006 was 2,175,251.
Lublin Voivodeship covers an area of unspecified size.
The region that encompasses Lublin and approximates Lublin Voivodeship as it was before the Partitions of Poland is known as 'Lubelszczyzna'.
Provinces centred on Lublin have existed throughout much of Poland's history.
The region was one of the world's leading centres of Judaism before World War II.
Before the middle of the 16th century, there were few Jews in the area.
The few Jews in the area were concentrated in Lublin, Kazimierz Dolny, and perhaps Chem.
The founding of new private towns led to a large movement of Jews into the region to develop trade and services.
The new towns competed with the existing towns for business.
There followed a low-intensity, long-lasting feeling of resentment due to competition.
There were failed attempts to limit Jewish immigration into the region.
The Jews tended to settle mostly in the cities and towns.
Only individual Jewish families set up businesses in the rural regions.
The urban/rural division became another factor feeding resentment of the newly arrived economic competitors.
By the middle of the 18th century, Jews were a significant part of the population in Kranik, Lubartw, and czna.
The nephew and protege of an imprisoned Mexican drug cartel kingpin pleaded guilty to drug conspiracy charges in a federal court in Brownsville, Texas, on Monday.
Rafael Cardenas Vela is 38 years old.
Rafael Cardenas Vela admitted to being a 'plaza boss' in the Gulf Cartel.
Prosecutors said the Gulf Cartel was responsible for smuggling thousands of kilograms of cocaine and marijuana into the United States from Mexico.
Rafael Cardenas Vela was arrested by federal agents during a traffic stop in southern Texas in October.
Osiel Cardenas Guillen is the uncle of Rafael Cardenas Vela.
Osiel Cardenas Guillen led the Matamoros-based Gulf Cartel before he was convicted in 2010 on drug trafficking charges.
Osiel Cardenas Guillen was sentenced to serve 25 years at the supermax prison in Fremont County, Colorado.
Rafael Cardenas Vela fled to the United States in May 2011 to escape an internal power struggle in the Gulf Cartel.
The internal power struggle in the Gulf Cartel occurred after the November 2010 death of another uncle, Ezequiel Cardenas Guillen.
According to the U.S. Attorney's office, Rafael Cardenas Vela was still able to control his drug territory through the use of e-mails to key leadership within the Gulf Cartel.
Rafael Cardenas Vela's operation purchased 70 to 80 kilograms of cocaine each month in southern Mexico.
The cocaine was then smuggled across the U.S. border in small vehicles about 16 to 20 kilograms at a time.
Prosecutors said that at the time of Rafael Cardenas Vela's arrest, it was discovered he had approximately 500 men equipped and ready to respond to his call.
Rafael Cardenas Vela is scheduled to be sentenced on June 18.
Rafael Cardenas Vela faces a minimum sentence of 10 years in prison.
Rafael Cardenas Vela faces a maximum sentence of life in prison.
Rafael Cardenas Vela faces a fine of up to $10 million.
Rafael Cardenas Vela faces up to five years of supervised release.
Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina.
Buenos Aires is the most populous city of Argentina.
The city of Buenos Aires is located on the western shore of the estuary of the Ro de la Plata.
The city of Buenos Aires is located on the southeastern coast of the South American continent.
The term 'Buenos Aires' can be translated as 'fair winds' or 'good airs'.
The meaning intended by the founders of Buenos Aires in the 16th century was 'fair winds'.
The original name of Buenos Aires was 'Real de Nuestra Seora Santa Mara del Buen Ayre'.
The Greater Buenos Aires conurbation includes several Buenos Aires Province districts.
The Greater Buenos Aires conurbation constitutes the fourth-most populous metropolitan area in the Americas.
The population of the Greater Buenos Aires conurbation is around 17 million.
The city of Buenos Aires is neither part of Buenos Aires Province nor the capital of Buenos Aires Province.
The city of Buenos Aires is an autonomous district.
In 1880, Buenos Aires was federalized.
Buenos Aires was removed from Buenos Aires Province in 1880.
The city limits of Buenos Aires were enlarged to include the towns of Belgrano and Flores.
Belgrano and Flores are now neighborhoods of the city of Buenos Aires.
The 1994 constitutional amendment granted the city of Buenos Aires autonomy.
The formal name of the city of Buenos Aires is Ciudad Autnoma de Buenos Aires (Autonomous City of Buenos Aires).
The citizens of Buenos Aires first elected a chief of government (i.e. mayor) in 1996.
Previously, the mayor of Buenos Aires was directly appointed by the President of the Republic.
More Arizona residents returned to their homes on Wednesday.
More New Mexico residents returned to their homes on Wednesday.
Some residents found their homes intact.
Other residents sifted through debris left by a massive wildfire.
The Wallow fire is located in east central Arizona.
The Wallow fire is one of 58 large wildfires burning in the United States.
The wildfires are burning from Alaska to Florida.
According to the National Interagency Coordination Center, the fires have burned 2,166 square miles.
The area burned by the fires is equivalent to 1.4 million acres.
The area burned by the fires is nearly the size of Delaware.
The largest of the fires is Arizona's Wallow fire.
The Wallow fire has burned 529,825 acres so far.
The fire's incident command team announced the current acreage on Wednesday.
Officials stated that the Wallow fire is about 58% contained.
Residents in Greer, Arizona, have been allowed to return home.
Residents in Luna, New Mexico, have been allowed to return home.
Evacuation orders remain in effect in other locations.
Residents in parts of Apache County, Arizona, have been told to be prepared to evacuate.
Andrew Pielage is a CNN iReporter.
Andrew Pielage is a hotel manager in suburban Phoenix.
Andrew Pielage took photos of burned homes in Greer.
Andrew Pielage stated that he is there to document what is happening.
Andrew Pielage expressed that just because the flames are out does not mean the fire is done.
Andrew Pielage feels for the people of Greer and their loss.
Andrew Pielage was impressed by the perseverance of firefighters.
Andrew Pielage was impressed by the perseverance of those who live in the community.
The photos document the relentless work of firefighters.
The photos document the homes that firefighters could not save.
Greer residents were ordered to evacuate on June 6.
The evacuation order was issued two days before the Wallow fire blew through Greer.
Greer is a town of about 200 inhabitants.
The Wallow fire scorched at least 22 homes in Greer.
The Wallow fire scorched at least 24 outbuildings in Greer.
Greer residents were allowed to return home beginning Monday.
France has the world's 6th largest economy by nominal figures.
France has the 10th largest economy by PPP figures.
France has the 3rd-largest economy in Europe.
The UK has the 2nd largest economy in Europe.
Germany has the 1st largest economy in Europe.
The OECD is headquartered in Paris.
Paris is the financial capital of France.
The chemical industry is a key sector for France.
The chemical industry helps to develop other manufacturing activities in France.
The chemical industry contributes to economic growth in France.
France's tourism industry is a major component of the economy.
France is the most visited destination in the world.
Sophia Antipolis is the major technology hub for the economy of France.
According to the IMF, in 2013, France was the world's 20th country by GDP per capita.
France's GDP per capita in 2013 was $44,099 per inhabitant.
In 2013, France was listed on the United Nations's Human Development Index.
France's score on the United Nations's Human Development Index in 2013 was 0.884.
0.884 indicates very high human development.
In 2013, France was ranked 25th on the Corruption Perceptions Index.
France's economy entered the recession of the late 2000s later than most affected economies.
France appeared to leave the recession of the late 2000s earlier than most affected economies.
France only endured four quarters of contraction during the recession.
France experienced stagnant growth between 2012 and 2014.
The economy of France expanded by 0% in 2012.
The economy of France expanded by 0.8% in 2013.
The economy of France expanded by 0.2% in 2014.
Growth picked up in France in 2015 with a growth of 0.8%.
Growth in France was 1.1% for 2016.
The forecasted growth for France in 2017 is 1.6%.
The forecasted growth for France in 2018 is 1.8%.
The forecasted growth for France in 2017 and 2018 is the highest since 2011.
The highest growth for France since 2011 was 2.1%.
John sent for a doctor because John's wife was ill.
John called the doctor.
John made sure that John and the doctor would meet at five.
John arrived at the doctor's at twenty to five.
John thought that it was a little bit earlier.
John decided to wait for a moment.
John believed that it was good to keep the time.
John stopped his car in front of the doctor's.
John looked around.
John saw a noisy square not far from the doctor's.
John went to the noisy square.
John sat down on a chair in the noisy square.
John wanted to enjoy the last light of the afternoon sun.
John wanted to make himself quiet.
John saw some children playing.
John saw some women talking to each other happily.
Suddenly, John heard a girl crying.
John came up to the girl who was crying.
John asked some questions to the girl.
Then John knew that the girl got lost.
John tried to find out the girl's address.
John took the girl home.
The girl's parents were very thankful to John.
Then John hurried to the doctor's.
The doctor said angrily when the doctor saw John that John was late.
The doctor asked John why the doctor had to keep waiting for twenty minutes.
John said nothing but one word, which was 'Sorry!'
An American man was held in Aruba for nearly four months in connection with the disappearance of his traveling companion.
The American man insisted he had nothing to do with the vanishing of his traveling companion.
The American man said the situation will weigh heavily on him for a very long time.
Gary Giordano is the name of the American man.
Gary Giordano stated he felt as if a person he cared about, a companion, has disappeared on his watch.
Gary Giordano gave his first interview since being released from custody in Aruba earlier this week.
Gary Giordano is 50 years old.
Gary Giordano had been held in the disappearance of Robyn Gardner.
Robyn Gardner is 35 years old.
Robyn Gardner is from Maryland.
Gary Giordano told authorities that he and Robyn Gardner were snorkeling on August 2.
Gary Giordano signaled to Robyn Gardner to swim back.
When Gary Giordano reached the beach, he told police that Robyn Gardner was nowhere to be found.
Robyn Gardner has not been seen since August 2.
Gary Giordano stated he only looked back when he hit a rock.
Gary Giordano said he did not look back before hitting the rock.
Gary Giordano stated he was busy saving his life.
Aruban judges repeatedly granted requests to extend Gary Giordano's detention while the investigation continued.
Last week, a judge rejected prosecutors' request to hold Gary Giordano for an additional 30 days.
Gary Giordano was released on Tuesday.
A three-judge panel of Aruban judges held a hearing to review the decision to release Gary Giordano.
The three-judge panel upheld the decision to release Gary Giordano.
ABC aired a clip of an emotional Gary Giordano learning of the decision at the airport.
Gary Giordano told reporters he had accepted the fact that they were going to keep him from his kids forever.
A little over 26 years ago, Mohammad Reza Najafi started manufacturing auto parts in Iran.
Mohammad Reza Najafi is an industry leader today.
Mohammad Reza Najafi supplies roughly three million springs every year to Iranian auto makers.
Mohammad Reza Najafi supplies one million brake-pads every year to Iranian auto makers.
Mohammad Reza Najafi's success has earned him a seat on the country's Chamber of Commerce.
Mohammad Reza Najafi's success has earned him a seat on the board of directors of the Iranian Auto Parts Manufacturers Association.
Mohammad Reza Najafi is a leading voice in Iran's efforts to re-energize its struggling economy.
Mohammad Reza Najafi has watched the recent negotiations with world powers on Iran's nuclear program with great interest.
Mohammad Reza Najafi spoke to Reza Sayah from CNN on this week's Marketplace Middle East.
Mohammad Reza Najafi shared his thoughts on how he sees the talks panning out.
Mohammad Reza Najafi shared his thoughts on the impact the talks will have on the Iranian economy going forward.
Reza Sayah asked Mohammad Reza Najafi about his reaction when they couldn't reach a deal on the nuclear issue.
Mohammad Reza Najafi stated that it was a deal but it takes time.
Mohammad Reza Najafi expressed happiness that the negotiations are continuing.
Reza Sayah asked Mohammad Reza Najafi if he agrees that Iran's economy is not going to improve without the sanctions being lifted.
Mohammad Reza Najafi stated that it is a very difficult question to answer.
Mohammad Reza Najafi mentioned that during the sanctions, they tried to find their own way to improve themselves.
Mohammad Reza Najafi expressed interest in collaborating with the international community.
Mohammad Reza Najafi stated that the sanctions are an obstacle that should be removed.
Reza Sayah asked Mohammad Reza Najafi about the current state of Iran's economy.
The question of who is the greatest driver of all-time is posed.
Michael Schumacher is mentioned as a possible candidate for the greatest driver of all-time.
Alain Prost is mentioned as a possible candidate for the greatest driver of all-time.
Ayrton Senna is mentioned as a possible candidate for the greatest driver of all-time.
Jackie Stewart is a three-time Formula One world champion.
Jackie Stewart had no hesitation in naming his choice for the greatest driver of all-time in an exclusive interview with CNN.
Jackie Stewart's choice for the greatest driver of all-time is Juan Manuel Fangio.
Jackie Stewart expressed that Juan Manuel Fangio is his hero and the man he most respected.
Jackie Stewart is known as 'The Flying Scot.'
Jackie Stewart believes that it is not misty-eyed nostalgia for a bygone era that influences his opinion.
Jackie Stewart is convinced by the manner in which Juan Manuel Fangio saw off his rivals.
Juan Manuel Fangio won five world championships.
Juan Manuel Fangio won his championships almost in a different car every year.
Juan Manuel Fangio had dignity, style, and ability.
Juan Manuel Fangio did not start racing in Formula One until he was 39 years old.
Juan Manuel Fangio kept on winning races while driving a Ferrari, Lancia, Maserati, or Mercedes.
Jackie Stewart rated fellow countryman Jim Clark as the best driver he raced against.
Jim Clark had a very good batting average.
Jim Clark did not race in too many grands prix.
Jim Clark won 25 of his 73 Formula One races.
Jackie Stewart won 27 of his 100 starts in Formula One.
Jackie Stewart believes that the win to race ratio separates the good from the great.
The letter which Phoebe brought was a long and cordial letter.
Dora begged that Miriam would come and make her a visit of a few days.
Dora said that her brother was intending to call on Mr. Haverley.
Dora's brother intended to urge Mr. Haverley to come to their house as frequently as he could during Dora's visit.
Dora said that she would enjoy having Miriam with her very much.
Dora believed that the life at the dear old farm must always be charming.
Dora believed that Miriam would like a little change.
Dora would do everything that she could to make the days pass pleasantly for Miriam.
The invitation from Dora was cordial.
The acceptance of the invitation was considered soberly and without enthusiasm.
During the past fortnight, there had been no intercourse between the Bannister family and the Haverley family.
Dora had written letters during the past fortnight.
Dora's letters had not been called for.
Ralph had not been to Dora's house to inquire about the dog.
Ralph thought it well to mention the matter to Miriam in a casual way.
Ralph perceived that it would be unwise for him to go to Dora's house without informing Miriam.
Miriam strenuously opposed Ralph's going to the Bannister house on any pretence until Mr. Bannister had called upon Ralph.
Miriam showed earnest feeling on the subject of Ralph visiting the Bannister house.
Ralph relinquished his intention to visit the Bannister house.
Ralph could see for himself that it would not be the proper thing to do.
Ralph waited for Mr. Herbert Bannister to call upon him.
Ralph waited with more impatience on rainy days than on other days.
A psychological identity relates to self-image.
Self-image is one's mental model of oneself.
A psychological identity relates to self-esteem.
A psychological identity relates to individuality.
Weinreich gives a definition of a person's identity.
Weinreich defines a person's identity as the totality of one's self-construal.
One's self-construal expresses the continuity between how one construes oneself in the present.
One's self-construal expresses how one construes oneself as one was in the past.
One's self-construal expresses how one construes oneself as one aspires to be in the future.
This definition allows for definitions of aspects of identity.
Weinreich defines one's ethnic identity as that part of the totality of one's self-construal.
One's ethnic identity is made up of those dimensions that express the continuity between one's construal of past ancestry.
One's ethnic identity expresses one's future aspirations in relation to ethnicity.
The description or representation of individual and group identity is a central task for psychologists.
The description or representation of individual and group identity is a central task for sociologists.
The description or representation of individual and group identity is a central task for anthropologists.
The description or representation of individual and group identity is a central task for those of other disciplines.
Identity needs to be mapped and defined.
One should describe the identity of another in ways that encompass both their idiosyncratic qualities and their group memberships.
Group memberships or identifications can shift according to circumstance.
Weinreich's Identity Structure Analysis (ISA) is a structural representation of the individual's existential experience.
ISA organizes the relationships between self and other agents in relatively stable structures over time.
ISA emphasizes the socio-cultural milieu in which self relates to other agents and institutions.
Weinreich and Saunderson edited a work that discusses ISA.
The practical operationalisation of ISA provides a methodology that maps how constructs are used by the individual.
The constructs are drawn from the salient discourses of the individual, the group, and cultural norms.
The situated self applies the methodology of ISA across time and milieus.
The situated self appraises self and other agents and institutions.
The appraisal can result in the individual's evaluation of self and significant others and institutions.
Dave demanded to know what Nat meant.
Nat declared that he meant just what he said.
Nat stated that this is a frame-up, nothing more.
Nat understood the situation all now, although he did not at first.
Doctor Clay demanded to know what Nat meant by 'a frame-up'.
Nat explained that they took the magazine and the drawing to the cabin.
Nat stated that they found out somehow that the wild man was there.
Nat claimed that they got up a scheme to make it look as if the wild man had blown up the hotel.
Nat asserted that they did it just to clear their cronies and themselves.
Roger exclaimed that Nat knew that his statement was not true.
Roger found the magazine with the drawing on a shelf in the cabin.
Nat responded that he did not believe Roger's claim.
Nat accused Roger of putting the magazine there himself or that Dave Porter did.
Dave cried out that they did nothing of the kind.
Nat insisted that he thought they did and that Jason Sparr would think so too when he hears the story.
Nat added that it is a frame-up just to clear themselves and their cronies.
Roger began to express his anger towards Nat when Dave stopped him.
Dave looked at Doctor Clay.
Dave stated that what Roger said is the absolute truth.
Dave explained that Roger found the magazine on a shelf in the cabin where the wild man was staying.
Dave described that the drawing and the wording were on the magazine just as they see.
Dave added that they can prove that the wild man was around the old shanty where the dynamite was kept.
Dave mentioned that the wild man was seen in Oakdale several times.
Diwali is perhaps the most well-known of the Hindu festivals.
Diwali is celebrated by Hindus in India.
Diwali is celebrated by Hindus abroad.
Diwali is often called the Festival of Lights.
Diwali is very important for Hindus.
Diwali is a very exciting time for Hindus.
Diwali is normally celebrated in October or November.
Diwali falls on a different date each year.
This year, Diwali will be celebrated on October 23.
Diwali is usually celebrated for 5 days.
To prepare for Diwali, Hindus spend several weeks cleaning their homes.
Hindus prepare special food to welcome Lakshmi, the goddess of wealth, into their lives.
Hindus will open the windows of their homes during Diwali.
Hindus open the windows of their homes to make sure that Lakshmi can enter their home.
One of the traditions of Diwali is to light up oil lamps in the homes.
The oil lamps are used to make the goddess of wealth enter the homes.
Hindus believe that Lakshmi will not enter a home that is not lit up.
During Diwali, children in India do not have to go to school.
Children in India share gifts with one another during Diwali.
Children in India prepare special holiday meals to celebrate Diwali.
Fireworks are a big part of the Diwali festival.
Fireworks are used to scare away bad spirits.
Molecular biology concerns the molecular basis of biological activity between biomolecules in the various systems of a cell.
Molecular biology includes the interactions between DNA, RNA, and proteins.
Molecular biology includes the biosynthesis of DNA, RNA, and proteins.
Molecular biology includes the regulation of interactions between DNA, RNA, and proteins.
William Astbury wrote about molecular biology in 'Nature' in 1961.
Researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques native to molecular biology.
Researchers in molecular biology increasingly combine techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry.
There is not a defined line between molecular biology, genetics, and biochemistry.
The figure to the right is a schematic that depicts one possible view of the relationships between the fields of molecular biology, genetics, and biochemistry.
Much of molecular biology is quantitative.
Recently, much work has been done at the interface of molecular biology and computer science in bioinformatics and computational biology.
In the early 2000s, the study of gene structure and function was among the most prominent sub-fields of molecular biology.
Molecular genetics is a prominent sub-field of molecular biology.
Many other areas of biology focus on molecules.
Some areas of biology directly study interactions in their own right, such as in cell biology and developmental biology.
Some areas of biology indirectly use molecular techniques to infer historical attributes of populations or species.
Fields in evolutionary biology, such as population genetics and phylogenetics, use molecular techniques to infer historical attributes.
There is a long tradition of studying biomolecules from the ground up in biophysics.
Three little kids lived in a great big house.
The great big house had a great big cat.
The great big cat had many places to hide.
The great big cat was named Cowboy.
Cowboy was not a very nice cat.
Cowboy liked to bite many things.
Cowboy liked to chew many things.
Cowboy liked to scratch many things.
When Cowboy was happy, which was not very often, Cowboy liked to bite into a blanket.
When Cowboy was happy, which was not very often, Cowboy liked to bite into a soft toy.
When Cowboy was happy, which was not very often, Cowboy liked to carry a blanket or soft toy around in his mouth.
When Cowboy was hungry, Cowboy liked to bite bright red tomatoes.
When Cowboy was hungry, Cowboy liked to suck out all the juice and seeds from bright red tomatoes.
When Cowboy was feeling mean, Cowboy liked to hide.
Cowboy would hide curled up tight in a ball under a blanket.
Cowboy would hide behind a corner.
Cowboy would wait for one of the little kids to pass by.
When one of the little kids passed by, Cowboy would jump at their feet.
When one of the little kids passed by, Cowboy would try to bite them.
When one of the little kids passed by, Cowboy would try to scratch them.
Cowboy did not know that what he was doing was not very nice.
Cowboy was only a cat.
Cowboy was a great big cat that did not know any better.
Years ago, Barbara started looking for her first job.
Wise advisers advised Barbara to be enthusiastic.
Wise advisers stated that enthusiasm will take Barbara further than any amount of experience.
The wise advisers were correct.
Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote that nothing great was ever done without enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm is the paste that helps individuals hang in there when things get tough.
Enthusiasm is the inner voice that tells individuals, 'I can do it!' when others shout, 'No, you can't!'
It took years for the early work of Barbara McClintock to be generally accepted.
Barbara McClintock was a geneticist.
Barbara McClintock won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1983.
Barbara McClintock did not stop working on her experiments despite the lack of acceptance.
All individuals are born with wide-eyed, enthusiastic wonder.
Childlike wonder gives enthusiastic people a youthful air, regardless of their age.
At 90, Pablo Casals would start his day by playing the cello.
As the music flowed through Pablo Casals' fingers, his shoulders would straighten.
Joy would reappear in Pablo Casals' eyes as he played the cello.
Samuel Ullman wrote that years wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
Enthusiastic people love what they do.
Enthusiastic people do not consider money, title, or power.
Patricia Mellratl was a retired director of the Missouri Repertory Theater in Kansas City.
Patricia Mellratl was once asked where she got her enthusiasm.
Patricia Mellratl replied that her father told her, 'I never made any money until I stopped working for it.'
Individuals cannot afford to waste tears on 'might-have-been'.
Individuals need to turn tears into sweat as they go after 'what-can-be'.
Individuals need to live each moment wholeheartedly.
Individuals should find pleasure in the sweetness of a backyard garden.
Individuals should find pleasure in the simple picture of a six-year-old.
Individuals should find pleasure in the beauty of a rainbow.
Dick exclaimed that he saw Dan Baxter in Pittsburg.
Aleck confirmed that it was Dan Baxter.
Dick expressed doubt about Aleck's identification of Dan Baxter.
Aleck thought that Dan Baxter was miles away.
Aleck stated that he knows Dan Baxter too well to make a mistake about his ugly face.
Dick asked where Dan Baxter was.
Aleck described the situation as alarming.
Dick instructed Aleck to find the houseboat.
Aleck confirmed that he found the houseboat with Captain Starr on board.
Aleck mentioned that he made all the arrangements that Dick spoke about.
Aleck started to leave the boat.
There was an electric light on the dock.
A man was standing near the electric light, watching the houseboat.
Aleck almost ran into the man.
Aleck discovered that the man was Dan Baxter.
Dick asked if Dan Baxter was watching the houseboat.
Aleck confirmed that Dan Baxter was watching the houseboat.
Dick asked if Dan Baxter recognized Aleck.
Aleck stated that Dan Baxter did not recognize him until he spoke.
Aleck said that he asked Dan Baxter what he was doing there.
Dan Baxter jumped when he heard Aleck's voice.
Aleck noted that Dan Baxter muttered something that he could not make out and then ran away.
Dick asked Aleck if he went after Dan Baxter.
Aleck confirmed that he tried to catch Dan Baxter.
Aleck stated that he could not catch Dan Baxter.
Aleck described the dock as having big piles of boxes and barrels.
Aleck mentioned that Dan Baxter got away before he knew what was happening.
Aleck stated that he hunted for Dan Baxter but could not get on his track.
Dick mused that the situation was certainly unpleasant.
Dick bit his lip while contemplating the situation.
Dick expressed concern that if Dan Baxter was watching them, he was doing it for no good purpose.
Alan worked in an office in the city.
Alan worked very hard.
Alan really looked forward to his holiday.
Alan usually went to the seaside for his holiday.
One year, Alan saw an advertisement in a newspaper.
The advertisement said, 'Enjoy country life. Spend a few weeks at William Farm. Good food, fresh air, horse riding, walking, fishing...'.
Alan thought, 'This sounds like a good idea.'
Alan decided to spend a month at William Farm.
Alan planned to go horse riding, walking, and fishing.
Alan thought it would be different from the seaside.
Four days later, Alan returned home.
Jack is Alan's friend.
Jack asked Alan, 'What's wrong with William Farm?'
Jack asked Alan, 'Didn't you enjoy country life?'
Alan said, 'Country life was fine.'
Alan mentioned there was another problem.
Jack asked Alan, 'Oh, what problem?'
Alan explained that on the first day he was at William Farm, a sheep died.
Alan said they had roast mutton for dinner.
Jack said, 'Fresh meat is the best.'
Alan acknowledged that fresh meat is good.
Alan explained that on the second day, a cow died.
Alan said they had roast beef for dinner.
Jack said, 'Lucky you!'
Alan clarified that Jack did not understand.
Alan explained that on the third day, a pig died.
Alan said they had roast pork for dinner.
Jack remarked, 'A different roast every day.'
Alan asked Jack to let him finish.
Alan explained that on the fourth day, a farmer died.
Alan stated that he did not want to stay there for dinner.
The kitchen comes alive at night in the Sanderson house.
Vegetables, fruit, bread, and more come out to play in the kitchen.
The knives and forks dance on the tables.
There are games and prizes in the kitchen.
Milk is used for swimming races in the kitchen.
The cereal often wins the swimming races.
Fruit gets used as balls in some games.
Blueberries scream in joy as they are kicked into soccer goals.
The soccer goals are used in games between the spoons and vegetables like celery and carrots.
The raspberries are cousins of the blueberries.
The raspberries like to watch the games.
Everyone has a great time and laughs in the kitchen.
The vegetables, fruit, and other items are happy to come out and be friends.
If someone like little John or his sister Kim comes down to get water, the kitchen items hide until they leave.
Ryan is the father of little John and Kim.
Ryan sometimes wakes up and thinks he hears something downstairs.
Susan is Ryan's wife.
Susan tells Ryan he needs to go back to bed.
Susan tells Ryan he is imagining things.
Ryan is not imagining things.
The kitchen got too loud.
The kitchen items were having so much fun they woke up the family.
A440 or A4 is also known as the Stuttgart pitch.
A440 has a frequency of 440 Hz.
A440 is the musical note of A above middle C.
A440 serves as a general tuning standard for musical pitch.
The International Organization for Standardization classifies A440 as ISO 16.
Prior to the standardization on 440 Hz, other frequencies were standardized upon.
A440 is not universally accepted.
A440 serves as the audio frequency reference for the calibration of acoustic equipment.
A440 serves as the audio frequency reference for the tuning of pianos.
A440 serves as the audio frequency reference for the tuning of violins.
A440 serves as the audio frequency reference for the tuning of other musical instruments.
Prior to the standardization on 440 Hz, many countries and organizations followed the French standard of 435 Hz.
The French standard of 435 Hz was followed since the 1860s.
The Austrian government recommended the French standard of 435 Hz in 1885.
Johann Heinrich Scheibler recommended A440 as a standard in 1834.
Johann Heinrich Scheibler invented the 'tonometer' to measure pitch.
The recommendation of A440 by Johann Heinrich Scheibler was approved in 1834.
The American music industry reached an informal standard of 440 Hz in 1926.
Some in the American music industry began using 440 Hz in instrument manufacturing.
In 1936, the American Standards Association recommended that the A above middle C be tuned to 440 Hz.
The standard of 440 Hz was taken up by the International Organization for Standardization in 1955.
The International Organization for Standardization reaffirmed the standard of 440 Hz in 1975.
Since the standardization by the International Organization for Standardization, A440 has served as the audio frequency reference for the calibration of acoustic equipment.
Since the standardization by the International Organization for Standardization, A440 has served as the audio frequency reference for the tuning of pianos.
Since the standardization by the International Organization for Standardization, A440 has served as the audio frequency reference for the tuning of violins.
Since the standardization by the International Organization for Standardization, A440 has served as the audio frequency reference for the tuning of other musical instruments.
The dog was called Prince.
Prince was an intelligent animal.
Prince was a slave to Williams.
Prince had a number of clear duties from morning till night.
Williams patiently trained Prince for his duties.
Prince lived for the chance to prove his abilities.
When Williams wanted to put on his boots, he would murmur 'Boots'.
Within seconds, Prince would drop the boots at Williams' feet.
At nine every morning, Prince ran off to the general store in the village.
Prince returned shortly with Williams' daily paper.
Prince also returned with a packet of Williams' favorite tobacco.
Prince was a trained gun-dog.
Prince had a large soft mouth specially evolved for the sake of carrying hunted creatures.
The paper and tobacco came to no harm.
The paper and tobacco never even showed a tooth mark.
Williams was an engine driver.
Williams had to work at irregular times.
Williams worked on 'days', 'late days', or 'nights'.
Over the years, Prince got to know Williams' periods of work and rest.
Prince knew when Williams would leave the house and return.
If Williams overslept, Prince barked at the bedroom door until Williams woke.
On his return, Williams' slippers were brought to him by Prince.
Prince also brought the paper and tobacco to Williams.
One evening during the snow and ice of last winter, Williams slipped and fell on the icy pavement.
Williams fell somewhere between the village and his home.
Williams was so badly shaken that he stayed in bed for three days.
Williams did not discover that he had lost his wallet until he got up and dressed again.
Williams' wallet contained over fifty pounds.
The house was turned upside down in the search for the wallet.
The wallet was not found during the search.
Two days later, Prince dropped the wallet into Williams' hand.
The wallet was very muddy and wet through.
The wallet still contained fifty-three pounds.
Las Vegas is Spanish for 'The Meadows'.
Las Vegas is officially the City of Las Vegas.
Las Vegas is often known simply as Vegas.
Las Vegas is the 28th-most populated city in the United States.
Las Vegas is the most populated city in the state of Nevada.
Las Vegas is the county seat of Clark County.
Las Vegas anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area.
Las Vegas is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert.
Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city.
Las Vegas is known primarily for its gambling.
Las Vegas is known primarily for its shopping.
Las Vegas is known primarily for its fine dining.
Las Vegas is known primarily for its entertainment.
Las Vegas is known primarily for its nightlife.
The Las Vegas Valley serves as the leading financial center for Nevada.
The Las Vegas Valley serves as the leading commercial center for Nevada.
The Las Vegas Valley serves as the leading cultural center for Nevada.
Las Vegas bills itself as The Entertainment Capital of the World.
Las Vegas is famous for its mega casinohotels.
Las Vegas is famous for its associated activities.
Las Vegas is a top three destination in the United States for business conventions.
Las Vegas is a global leader in the hospitality industry.
Las Vegas claims more AAA Five Diamond hotels than any other city in the world.
Las Vegas annually ranks as one of the world's most visited tourist destinations.
Las Vegas's tolerance for numerous forms of adult entertainment earned it the title of Sin City.
Las Vegas has made Las Vegas a popular setting for literature.
Las Vegas has made Las Vegas a popular setting for films.
Las Vegas has made Las Vegas a popular setting for television programs.
Las Vegas has made Las Vegas a popular setting for music videos.