The Normans were the people who gave their name to Normandy.
Normandy is a region in France.
The Normans lived in the 10th and 11th centuries.
Normans is also referred to as Nourmands in Norman language.
Normans is also referred to as Normands in French language.
Normans is also referred to as Normanni in Latin language.
The individuals were descended from Norse raiders and pirates.
The term 'Norman' comes from 'Norseman'.
The Norse raiders and pirates originated from Denmark.
The Norse raiders and pirates originated from Iceland.
The Norse raiders and pirates originated from Norway.
The Norse raiders and pirates were led by Rollo.
Rollo agreed to swear fealty to King Charles III of West Francia.
Generations of assimilation and mixing occurred with the native Frankish populations.
Generations of assimilation and mixing occurred with the native Roman-Gaulish populations.
The descendants of the assimilated populations would gradually merge with the Carolingian-based cultures of West Francia.
The distinct cultural and ethnic identity of the Normans emerged initially in the first half of the 10th century.
The distinct cultural and ethnic identity of the Normans continued to evolve over the succeeding centuries.
The Norman dynasty had a major political impact on medieval Europe.
The Norman dynasty had a major cultural impact on medieval Europe.
The Norman dynasty had a major military impact on medieval Europe.
The Norman dynasty had a major political impact on the Near East.
The Norman dynasty had a major cultural impact on the Near East.
The Norman dynasty had a major military impact on the Near East.
The Normans were famed for their martial spirit.
The Normans were eventually famed for their Christian piety.
The Normans became exponents of Catholic orthodoxy.
The Normans assimilated into Catholic orthodoxy.
They adopted the Gallo-Romance language of the Frankish land.
The Frankish land is the land they settled.
Their dialect became known as Norman.
Their dialect became known as Normaund.
Their dialect became known as Norman French.
Norman French is an important literary language.
The Duchy of Normandy was formed by treaty with the French crown.
The Duchy of Normandy was a great fief of medieval France.
Richard I of Normandy was a ruler.
Under Richard I of Normandy, the Duchy of Normandy was forged into a cohesive and formidable principality in feudal tenure.
The Normans are noted for their culture.
The Normans are noted for their unique Romanesque architecture.
The Normans are noted for their musical traditions.
The Normans are noted for their significant military accomplishments.
The Normans are noted for their military innovations.
Norman adventurers founded the Kingdom of Sicily under Roger II.
Roger II was the ruler under whom the Kingdom of Sicily was founded.
Norman adventurers conquered southern Italy.
The Saracens were one of the groups conquered by the Norman adventurers.
The Byzantines were one of the groups conquered by the Norman adventurers.
An expedition was conducted on behalf of William the Conqueror.
William the Conqueror was the duke for whom the expedition was conducted.
The expedition led to the Norman conquest of England.
The Norman conquest of England occurred at the Battle of Hastings in 1066.
Norman cultural influence spread from new European centres to the Crusader states of the Near East.
Norman military influence spread from new European centres to the Crusader states of the Near East.
Bohemond I was a prince.
Bohemond I founded the Principality of Antioch in the Levant.
Norman influence spread to Scotland in Great Britain.
Norman influence spread to Wales in Great Britain.
Norman influence spread to Ireland.
Norman influence spread to the coasts of north Africa.
Norman influence spread to the Canary Islands.
The English name 'Normans' comes from the French words Normans/Normanz.
Normans/Normanz is the plural of Normant.
Normant is modern French normand.
The term normand is borrowed from Old Low Franconian Nortmann.
Nortmann means 'Northman'.
The term Nortmann may also be directly borrowed from Old Norse Norðmaðr.
Nortmannus, Normannus, and Nordmannus are Latinized forms of the term Nortmann.
Nortmannus, Normannus, and Nordmannus were recorded in Medieval Latin in the 9th century.
Nortmannus, Normannus, and Nordmannus mean 'Norseman' or 'Viking'.
In the course of the 10th century, the incursions of Norse war bands into the rivers of France were initially destructive.
The incursions of Norse war bands into the rivers of France evolved into more permanent encampments.
The permanent encampments included local women.
The permanent encampments included personal property.
The Duchy of Normandy began in 911 as a fiefdom.
The Duchy of Normandy was established by the treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte.
The treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte was between King Charles III of West Francia and the famed Viking ruler Rollo.
The Duchy of Normandy was situated in the former Frankish kingdom of Neustria.
The treaty offered Rollo and Rollo's men the French lands between the river Epte and the Atlantic coast.
The treaty was offered in exchange for Rollo and Rollo's men's protection against further Viking incursions.
The area corresponded to the northern part of present-day Upper Normandy.
The area extended down to the river Seine.
The Duchy would eventually extend west beyond the river Seine.
The territory was roughly equivalent to the old province of Rouen.
The territory reproduced the Roman administrative structure of Gallia Lugdunensis II.
Gallia Lugdunensis II was part of the former Gallia Lugdunensis.
Before Rollo's arrival, the populations did not differ from Picardy.
Before Rollo's arrival, the populations did not differ from the Île-de-France.
Picardy was considered 'Frankish'.
The Île-de-France was considered 'Frankish'.
Earlier Viking settlers had begun arriving in the 880s.
The earlier Viking settlers were divided between colonies in the east and in the west.
The colonies in the east were Roumois and Pays de Caux.
The colonies in the west were located in the Cotentin Peninsula.
The earlier Viking settlers were separated by traditional pagii.
The population in the area remained about the same.
There were almost no foreign settlers in the area.
Rollo's contingents raided Normandy.
Rollo's contingents ultimately settled in Normandy.
Rollo's contingents raided parts of the Atlantic coast.
Rollo's contingents ultimately settled in parts of the Atlantic coast.
Rollo's contingents included Danes.
Rollo's contingents included Norwegians.
Rollo's contingents included Norse–Gaels.
Rollo's contingents included Orkney Vikings.
Rollo's contingents possibly included Swedes.
Rollo's contingents included Anglo-Danes from the English Danelaw.
The English Danelaw was under Norse control.
The descendants of Rollo's Vikings would replace the Norse religion with Catholicism.
The descendants of Rollo's Vikings would replace the Old Norse language with the Gallo-Romance language of the local people.
The descendants of Rollo's Vikings would blend their maternal Frankish heritage with Old Norse traditions and customs.
The blending of maternal Frankish heritage with Old Norse traditions and customs would synthesize a unique 'Norman' culture.
The unique 'Norman' culture would develop in the north of France.
The Norman language was forged by the adoption of the indigenous langue d'oïl branch of Romance.
The indigenous langue d'oïl branch of Romance was adopted by a Norse-speaking ruling class.
The Norman language developed into the regional language that survives today.
The Normans adopted the growing feudal doctrines of the rest of France.
The Normans worked the feudal doctrines into a functional hierarchical system in Normandy.
The Normans worked the feudal doctrines into a functional hierarchical system in England.
The new Norman rulers were culturally distinct from the old French aristocracy.
The new Norman rulers were ethnically distinct from the old French aristocracy.
Most of the old French aristocracy traced their lineage to the Franks of the Carolingian dynasty.
Most Norman knights remained poor.
Most Norman knights were land-hungry.
By 1066, Normandy had been exporting fighting horsemen for more than a generation.
Many Normans of Italy served as avid Crusaders under Bohemund I.
Many Normans of France served as avid Crusaders under Bohemund I.
Many Normans of England served as avid Crusaders under Bohemund I.
Bohemund I was an Italo-Norman prince.
Many Normans of Italy served as avid Crusaders under Richard the Lion-Heart.
Many Normans of France served as avid Crusaders under Richard the Lion-Heart.
Many Normans of England served as avid Crusaders under Richard the Lion-Heart.
Richard the Lion-Heart was an Anglo-Norman king.
The Normans began to enter Italy.
The Normans entered the Byzantine Empire soon after entering Italy.
The Normans entered Armenia after entering the Byzantine Empire.
The Normans fought against the Pechenegs.
The Normans fought against the Bulgars.
The Normans fought especially against the Seljuk Turks.
Norman mercenaries were first encouraged to come to the south by the Lombards.
The Lombards encouraged Norman mercenaries to act against the Byzantines.
Norman mercenaries soon fought in Byzantine service in Sicily.
They were prominent in the Sicilian campaign of George Maniaces in 1038–40.
Varangian contingents were present in the Sicilian campaign of George Maniaces in 1038–40.
Lombard contingents were present in the Sicilian campaign of George Maniaces in 1038–40.
George Maniaces was a leader during the Sicilian campaign.
There is debate about the origin of the Normans in Greek service.
The debate concerns whether the Normans in Greek service were actually from Norman Italy.
It now seems likely that only a few Normans in Greek service came from Norman Italy.
It is unknown how many of the 'Franks' were Normans.
The Byzantines called the 'Franks' by that name.
It is unknown how many of the 'Franks' were not other Frenchmen.
Hervé was one of the first Norman mercenaries to serve as a Byzantine general.
Hervé served as a Byzantine general in the 1050s.
By then, there were already Norman mercenaries serving in Trebizond.
By then, there were already Norman mercenaries serving in Georgia.
They were based at Malatya.
They were based at Edessa.
Isaac Komnenos was the Byzantine duke of Antioch.
In the 1060s, Robert Crispin led the Normans of Edessa against the Turks.
Robert Crispin was a leader of the Normans of Edessa.
The Normans of Edessa fought against the Turks.
Roussel de Bailleul even tried to carve out an independent state in Asia Minor.
Roussel de Bailleul sought support from the local population.
Roussel de Bailleul was stopped by the Byzantine general Alexius Komnenos.
Some Normans joined Turkish forces.
The purpose of joining Turkish forces was to aid in the destruction of the Armenian vassal-states of Sassoun and Taron.
Sassoun is a vassal-state of the Armenians.
Taron is a vassal-state of the Armenians.
Sassoun and Taron are located in far eastern Anatolia.
Many individuals took up service with the Armenian state.
The Armenian state is located further south in Cilicia.
The Armenian state is also located in the Taurus Mountains.
A Norman was named Oursel.
Oursel led a force of Franks into the upper Euphrates valley.
The upper Euphrates valley is located in northern Syria.
From 1073 to 1074, 8,000 of the 20,000 troops were Normans.
The Normans were formerly of Oursel.
The troops were led by Raimbaud.
Philaretus Brachamius was an Armenian general.
They lent their ethnicity to the name of their castle.
The name of their castle is Afranji.
Afranji means 'Franks'.
The known trade existed between Amalfi and Antioch.
The known trade existed between Bari and Tarsus.
The trade between Amalfi and Antioch may be related to the presence of Italo-Normans in those cities.
Amalfi was under Norman rule in Italy.
Bari was under Norman rule in Italy.
Several families of Byzantine Greece were of Norman mercenary origin.
The period of the Comnenian Restoration was a time when Byzantine emperors were seeking out western European warriors.
The Raoulii were descended from an Italo-Norman named Raoul.
The Petraliphae were descended from a Pierre d'Aulps.
The group of Albanian clans known as the Maniakates were descended from Normans.
The Normans served under George Maniaces in the Sicilian expedition of 1038.
Robert Guiscard was a Norman adventurer.
Robert Guiscard was previously elevated to the dignity of count of Apulia.
Robert Guiscard was elevated to the dignity of count of Apulia as the result of his military successes.
Robert Guiscard ultimately drove the Byzantines out of southern Italy.
Robert obtained the consent of Pope Gregory VII.
Robert acted as a vassal of Pope Gregory VII.
Robert continued his campaign conquering the Balkan peninsula.
The Balkan peninsula served as a foothold for western feudal lords.
The Balkan peninsula served as a foothold for the Catholic Church.
In 1081, an unnamed leader allied himself with Croatia.
In 1081, an unnamed leader allied himself with the Catholic cities of Dalmatia.
An unnamed leader led an army of 30,000 men in 300 ships.
The army of 30,000 men landed on the southern shores of Albania.
The army of 30,000 men captured Valona.
The army of 30,000 men captured Kanina.
The army of 30,000 men captured Jericho, which is also known as Orikumi.
The army of 30,000 men reached Butrint after numerous pillages.
They joined the fleet.
The fleet had previously conquered Corfu.
The fleet attacked Dyrrachium from land.
The fleet attacked Dyrrachium from sea.
The fleet devastated everything along the way.
The locals accepted the call of emperor Alexius I Comnenus.
Emperor Alexius I Comnenus called the locals to join forces with the Byzantines against the Normans.
The circumstances were harsh.
The Albanian forces could not take part in the ensuing battle.
The battle had started before the arrival of the Albanian forces.
Immediately before the battle, the Venetian fleet had secured a victory.
The victory was in the coast surrounding the city.
Alexius was forced to retreat.
Alexius ceded the command to a high Albanian official.
The high Albanian official was named Comiscortes.
Comiscortes was in the service of Byzantium.
The city's garrison resisted until February 1082.
Dyrrachium was betrayed to the Normans in February 1082.
The betrayal of Dyrrachium was carried out by the Venetian merchants who had settled in Dyrrachium.
The betrayal of Dyrrachium was carried out by the Amalfitan merchants who had settled in Dyrrachium.
The Normans were now free to penetrate into the hinterland.
The Normans took Ioannina.
The Normans took some minor cities in southwestern Macedonia.
The Normans took some minor cities in Thessaly.
The Normans appeared at the gates of Thessalonica.
Dissension occurred among the high ranks.
The dissension coerced the Normans to retreat to Italy.
They lost Dyrrachium in 1085.
They lost Valona in 1085.
They lost Butrint in 1085.
The loss of Dyrrachium, Valona, and Butrint occurred after the death of Robert.
A few years after the First Crusade, the year was 1107.
The Normans landed in Valona.
The Normans were under the command of Bohemond.
Bohemond was Robert's son.
The Normans besieged Dyrrachium.
The Normans used the most sophisticated military equipment of the time.
The siege of Dyrrachium was to no avail.
They occupied Petrela.
Petrela is the citadel of Mili.
Petrela is located at the banks of the river Deabolis.
They occupied Gllavenica.
Gllavenica is also known as Ballsh.
They occupied Kanina.
They occupied Jericho.
The Albanians sided with the Normans this time.
The Albanians were dissatisfied by the heavy taxes that the Byzantines had imposed upon them.
The Normans secured the Arbanon passes with help.
The securing of the Arbanon passes opened the way to Dibra.
The lack of supplies forced Bohemond to retreat from his campaign.
Disease forced Bohemond to retreat from his campaign.
Byzantine resistance forced Bohemond to retreat from his campaign.
Bohemond signed a peace treaty with the Byzantines.
The peace treaty was signed in the city of Deabolis.
The further decline of Byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185.
A large Norman army invaded Dyrrachium in 1185.
The invasion of Dyrrachium was owing to the betrayal of high Byzantine officials.
Some time later, Dyrrachium fell again to Byzantine hands.
Dyrrachium was one of the most important naval bases of the Adriatic.
The Normans were in contact with England.
The contact between the Normans and England occurred from an early date.
The original Viking brethren were still ravaging the English coasts.
The original Viking brethren occupied most of the important ports opposite England across the English Channel.
The relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood.
Emma was the sister of Duke Richard II of Normandy.
Emma married King Ethelred II of England.
Ethelred fled to Normandy in 1013.
Ethelred was forced from his kingdom by Sweyn Forkbeard.
His stay in Normandy influenced him.
His stay in Normandy influenced his sons.
Emma stayed in Normandy after Cnut the Great's conquest of the isle.
Cnut the Great was a conqueror of the isle.
Edward the Confessor returned from his father's refuge in 1041.
Edward the Confessor returned at the invitation of his half-brother Harthacnut.
Edward the Confessor brought with him a Norman-educated mind.
He brought many Norman counsellors.
He brought many Norman fighters.
Some of the Norman fighters established an English cavalry force.
The concept never really took root.
The concept is a typical example of the attitudes of Edward.
He appointed Robert of Jumièges as the archbishop of Canterbury.
Robert of Jumièges was appointed as the archbishop of Canterbury.
He made Ralph the Timid the earl of Hereford.
Ralph the Timid was made the earl of Hereford.
He invited his brother-in-law Eustace II to his court in 1051.
Eustace II was the Count of Boulogne.
The event resulted in the greatest of early conflicts between Saxon and Norman.
The conflict ultimately resulted in the exile of Earl Godwin of Wessex.
Duke William II of Normandy conquered England in 1066.
Duke William II of Normandy killed King Harold II at the Battle of Hastings.
The invading Normans replaced the Anglo-Saxons as the ruling class of England.
The descendants of the invading Normans replaced the Anglo-Saxons as the ruling class of England.
The nobility of England were part of a single Normans culture.
Many members of the nobility of England had lands on both sides of the channel.
Early Norman kings of England were Dukes of Normandy.
Early Norman kings of England owed homage to the King of France for their land on the continent.
They considered England to be their most important holding.
England brought with it the title of King.
The title of King is an important status symbol.
The Normans merged with the natives.
The merging of the Normans and the natives involved combining languages.
The merging of the Normans and the natives involved combining traditions.
The Hundred Years' War was a conflict.
The Norman aristocracy often identified themselves as English during the Hundred Years' War.
The Anglo-Norman language became distinct from the Latin language.
The distinction of the Anglo-Norman language from the Latin language was the subject of some humour by Geoffrey Chaucer.
Geoffrey Chaucer was an author.
The Anglo-Norman language was eventually absorbed into the Anglo-Saxon language of their subjects.
The Anglo-Saxon language is also known as Old English.
The Anglo-Norman language influenced the Anglo-Saxon language.
The influence of the Anglo-Norman language helped in the development of Middle English.
The Norse language of the earlier Anglo-Norse settlers also influenced the development of Middle English.
The Latin used by the church also influenced the development of Middle English.
The subject referred to as 'it' evolved into Modern English.
The Normans had a profound effect on Irish culture.
The Normans had a profound effect on Irish history.
The Normans invaded Bannow Bay in 1169.
The Normans maintained a distinct culture.
The Normans maintained a distinct ethnicity.
With time, the entities came to be subsumed into Irish culture.
It has been said that the entities became more Irish than the Irish themselves.
The Normans settled mostly in an area in the east of Ireland.
The area in the east of Ireland was later known as the Pale.
The Normans built many fine castles and settlements.
Trim Castle was one of the fine castles built by the Normans.
Dublin Castle was one of the fine castles built by the Normans.
Both cultures intermixed.
Both cultures borrowed from each other's language.
Both cultures borrowed from each other's culture.
Both cultures borrowed from each other's outlook.
Norman descendants today can be recognized by their surnames.
Names such as French, (De) Roche, Devereux, D'Arcy, Treacy, and Lacy are particularly common in the southeast of Ireland.
The southern part of County Wexford is where the first Norman settlements were established.
Other Norman names predominate in that location.
Furlong is an example of a Norman name.
Another common Norman-Irish name was Morell.
Morell is also known as Murrell.
The name Morell is derived from the French Norman name Morel.
Other names beginning with Fitz indicate Norman ancestry.
The term Fitz comes from the Norman word for son.
Fitzgerald is included.
FitzGibbons is included.
FitzGibbons is also known as the Gibbons dynasty.
Fitzmaurice is included.
Other families bearing the surname Barry are of Norman extraction.
Barry is also known as de Barra.
Other families bearing the surname De Búrca are of Norman extraction.
De Búrca is also known as Burke.
One of the claimants of the English throne opposing William the Conqueror was Edgar Atheling.
Edgar Atheling eventually fled to Scotland.
King Malcolm III of Scotland married Margaret.
Margaret was Edgar's sister.
King Malcolm III of Scotland came into opposition to William.
William had already disputed Scotland's southern borders.
William invaded Scotland in 1072.
William rode as far as Abernethy.
William met up with his fleet of ships at Abernethy.
Malcolm submitted to William.
Malcolm paid homage to William.
Malcolm surrendered his son Duncan as a hostage.
The actions of Malcolm began a series of arguments.
The series of arguments concerned whether the Scottish Crown owed allegiance to the King of England.
Normans came into Scotland.
Normans built castles in Scotland.
Normans founded noble families in Scotland.
Some noble families would provide future kings.
Robert the Bruce was a future king.
Normans founded a considerable number of Scottish clans.
King David I of Scotland was instrumental in introducing Normans and Norman culture to Scotland.
King David I of Scotland had an elder brother named Alexander I.
Alexander I had married Sybilla of Normandy.
Some scholars call the process of introducing Normans and Norman culture to Scotland the 'Davidian Revolution'.
David spent time at the court of Henry I of England.
Henry I of England was married to David's sister Maud of Scotland.
David needed to wrestle the kingdom from his half-brother Máel Coluim mac Alaxandair.
David had to reward many individuals with lands.
The process was continued under David's successors.
William the Lion was one of David's successors.
The process was continued most intensely under William the Lion.
The Norman-derived feudal system was applied in varying degrees to most of Scotland.
Scottish families of the name Bruce can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Scottish families of the name Gray can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Scottish families of the name Ramsay can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Scottish families of the name Fraser can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Scottish families of the name Ogilvie can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Scottish families of the name Montgomery can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Scottish families of the name Sinclair can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Scottish families of the name Pollock can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Scottish families of the name Burnard can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Scottish families of the name Douglas can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Scottish families of the name Gordon can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
The later royal House of Stewart can be traced back to Norman ancestry.
The Normans had come into contact with Wales.
The contact occurred even before the Norman Conquest of England.
Edward the Confessor had set up Ralph as earl of Hereford.
Edward the Confessor charged Ralph with defending the Marches.
Edward the Confessor charged Ralph with warring with the Welsh.
In these original ventures, the Normans failed to make any headway into Wales.
Subsequent to the Conquest, the Marches came completely under the dominance of William's most trusted Norman barons.
William was a ruler.
Bernard de Neufmarché was one of William's most trusted Norman barons.
Roger of Montgomery was one of William's most trusted Norman barons.
Roger of Montgomery was located in Shropshire.
Hugh Lupus was one of William's most trusted Norman barons.
Hugh Lupus was located in Cheshire.
The Normans began a long period of slow conquest.
Almost all of Wales was at some point subject to Norman interference.
Norman words first entered the Welsh language at that time.
The word 'baron' is a Norman word.
The pronunciation of 'baron' is barwn.
The legendary religious zeal of the Normans was exercised in religious wars.
The religious wars occurred long before the First Crusade.
The First Crusade carved out a Norman principality in Antioch.
Major foreign participants were involved in the Reconquista in Iberia.
In 1018, Roger de Tosny travelled to the Iberian Peninsula.
Roger de Tosny aimed to carve out a state for himself from Moorish lands.
Roger de Tosny failed in his attempt to carve out a state for himself from Moorish lands.
In 1064, William of Montreuil led the papal army during the War of Barbastro.
William of Montreuil took a huge booty during the War of Barbastro.
In 1096, Crusaders were passing by the siege of Amalfi.
Bohemond of Taranto joined the Crusaders.
Bohemond of Taranto had a nephew named Tancred.
Tancred joined Bohemond of Taranto.
Bohemond of Taranto and Tancred were accompanied by an army of Italo-Normans.
Bohemond was the de facto leader of the Crusade.
The Crusade passed through Asia Minor.
The Siege of Antioch was successful in 1097.
Bohemond began carving out an independent principality around the city of Antioch.
Tancred was instrumental in the conquest of Jerusalem.
Tancred worked for the expansion of the Crusader kingdom in Transjordan.
Tancred worked for the expansion of the Crusader kingdom in the region of Galilee.
The conquest of Cyprus was carried out by the Anglo-Norman forces of the Third Crusade.
The conquest of Cyprus opened a new chapter in the history of the island.
The island of Cyprus would be under Western European domination for the following 380 years.
The conquest was not part of a planned operation.
The conquest had much more permanent results than initially expected.
In April 1191, Richard the Lion-hearted left Messina.
Richard the Lion-hearted left Messina with a large fleet.
Richard the Lion-hearted left Messina in order to reach Acre.
A storm dispersed the fleet.
After some searching, a discovery was made.
The discovery was that the boat carrying the sister of the individual and the fiancée of the individual, Berengaria, was anchored on the south coast of Cyprus.
The boat was anchored together with the wrecks of several other ships.
One of the wrecks was a treasure ship.
Survivors of the wrecks had been taken prisoner.
The island's despot was Isaac Komnenos.
On 1 May 1191, Richard's fleet arrived in the port of Limassol.
Limassol is a port located on Cyprus.
He ordered Isaac to release the prisoners.
He ordered Isaac to release the treasure.
Isaac refused.
Richard landed his troops.
Richard took Limassol.
Various princes of the Holy Land arrived in Limassol at the same time.
Guy de Lusignan was one of the princes of the Holy Land who arrived in Limassol.
All individuals declared their support for Richard.
The support for Richard was conditional on Richard supporting Guy.
Guy was against his rival Conrad of Montferrat.
The local barons abandoned Isaac.
Isaac considered making peace with Richard.
Isaac considered joining Richard on the crusade.
Isaac considered offering his daughter in marriage to the person named by Richard.
Isaac changed his mind.
Isaac tried to escape.
Richard proceeded to conquer the whole island.
Richard's troops were led by Guy de Lusignan.
Isaac surrendered.
Isaac was confined with silver chains.
Richard had promised that Richard would not place Isaac in irons.
By 1 June, Richard had conquered the whole island.
His exploit was well publicized.
The publicizing of His exploit contributed to His reputation.
He derived significant financial gains from the conquest of the island.
Richard left for Acre on 5 June.
Richard was accompanied by his allies.
Before the departure of the unnamed individual, the unnamed individual named two of his Norman generals as governors of Cyprus.
The first Norman general named as a governor of Cyprus was Richard de Camville.
The second Norman general named as a governor of Cyprus was Robert de Thornham.
The expedition was led by the Norman noble Jean de Bethencourt.
The expedition was also led by the Poitevine Gadifer de la Salle.
The expedition conquered the Canarian islands of Lanzarote.
The expedition conquered the Canarian islands of Fuerteventura.
The expedition conquered the Canarian islands of El Hierro.
The Canarian islands of Lanzarote, Fuerteventura, and El Hierro are located off the Atlantic coast of Africa.
The expedition took place between 1402 and 1405.
The troops were gathered in Normandy.
The troops were gathered in Gascony.
The troops were later reinforced by Castilian colonists.
Bethencourt took the title of King of the Canary Islands.
Bethencourt was a vassal to Henry III of Castile.
In 1418, Maciot de Bethencourt sold the rights to the islands.
Maciot de Bethencourt was the nephew of Jean.
Enrique Pérez de Guzmán was the 2nd Count de Niebla.
The customary law of Normandy was developed between the 10th and 13th centuries.
The customary law of Normandy survives today through the legal systems of Jersey in the Channel Islands.
The customary law of Normandy survives today through the legal systems of Guernsey in the Channel Islands.
Norman customary law was transcribed in two customaries in Latin.
The two judges transcribed the Norman customary law for use by themselves and their colleagues.
The first customary is the Très ancien coutumier.
The Très ancien coutumier is also known as Very ancient customary.
The Très ancien coutumier was authored between 1200 and 1245.
The second customary is the Grand coutumier de Normandie.
The Grand coutumier de Normandie is also known as Great customary of Normandy.
The Grand coutumier de Normandie was originally titled Summa de legibus Normanniae in curia laïcali.
The Grand coutumier de Normandie was authored between 1235 and 1245.
Norman architecture typically stands out as a new stage in architectural history.
Norman architecture is associated with the regions that were subdued by the Normans.
A unique Romanesque idiom was spread to England.
A unique Romanesque idiom was spread to Italy.
The encastellation of England occurred with keeps in a north French style.
The encastellation of Italy occurred with keeps in a north French style.
The encastellation of these regions fundamentally altered the military landscape.
The style was characterised by rounded arches.
The rounded arches were particularly over windows.
The rounded arches were particularly over doorways.
The style was characterised by massive proportions.
The period of Norman architecture immediately succeeds the period of Anglo-Saxon architecture in England.
The period of Norman architecture precedes the period of Early Gothic architecture in England.
The Normans incorporated elements of Islamic building techniques in southern Italy.
The Normans incorporated elements of Lombard building techniques in southern Italy.
The Normans incorporated elements of Byzantine building techniques in southern Italy.
The Normans initiated a unique style known as Norman-Arab architecture within the Kingdom of Sicily.
In the visual arts, the Normans did not have rich traditions.
In the visual arts, the Normans did not have distinctive traditions.
The cultures that the Normans conquered had rich and distinctive traditions.
In the early 11th century, the dukes began a programme of church reform.
The dukes encouraged the Cluniac reform of monasteries.
The dukes patronised intellectual pursuits.
The intellectual pursuits included the proliferation of scriptoria.
The intellectual pursuits included the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts.
The church was utilized by the dukes.
The dukes used the church as a unifying force for their disparate duchy.
The chief monasteries taking part in the renaissance of Norman art and scholarship were Mont-Saint-Michel.
The chief monasteries taking part in the renaissance of Norman art and scholarship were Fécamp.
The chief monasteries taking part in the renaissance of Norman art and scholarship were Jumièges.
The chief monasteries taking part in the renaissance of Norman art and scholarship were Bec.
The chief monasteries taking part in the renaissance of Norman art and scholarship were Saint-Ouen.
The chief monasteries taking part in the renaissance of Norman art and scholarship were Saint-Evroul.
The chief monasteries taking part in the renaissance of Norman art and scholarship were Saint-Wandrille.
These centres were in contact with the so-called Winchester school.
The Winchester school channeled a pure Carolingian artistic tradition to Normandy.
In the final decade of the 11th century, Normandy experienced a golden age of illustrated manuscripts.
In the first decade of the 12th century, Normandy experienced a golden age of illustrated manuscripts.
The golden age of illustrated manuscripts in Normandy was brief.
The major scriptoria of Normandy ceased to function after the midpoint of the 12th century.
The French Wars of Religion occurred in the 16th century.
The French Revolution occurred in the 18th century.
The French Wars of Religion successively destroyed much of what existed in the way of the architectural and artistic remnant of Norman creativity.
The French Revolution successively destroyed much of what existed in the way of the architectural and artistic remnant of Norman creativity.
The former caused the wanton destruction of many Norman edifices with their violence.
The latter caused the purposeful destruction of religious objects of any type with its assault on religion.
The destabilisation of society resulted in rampant pillaging.
The most famous work of Norman art is the Bayeux Tapestry.
The Bayeux Tapestry is not a tapestry.
The Bayeux Tapestry is a work of embroidery.
The work was commissioned by Odo.
Odo was the Bishop of Bayeux.
Odo was the first Earl of Kent.
Odo employed natives from Kent.
The natives from Kent were learned in the Nordic traditions.
The Nordic traditions were imported in the previous half century by the Danish Vikings.
In Britain, Norman art primarily survives as stonework.
In Britain, Norman art primarily survives as metalwork.
Stonework includes capitals.
Stonework includes baptismal fonts.
In southern Italy, Norman artwork survives plentifully.
Norman artwork is influenced by its Greek forebears.
Norman artwork is influenced by its Lombard forebears.
Norman artwork is influenced by its Arab forebears.
The royal regalia is preserved in Palermo.
The crown is Byzantine in style.
The coronation cloak is of Arab craftsmanship.
The coronation cloak has Arabic inscriptions.
Many churches preserve sculptured fonts.
Many churches preserve capitals.
Many churches preserve mosaics.
Mosaics were common in Norman Italy.
Mosaics drew heavily on the Greek heritage.
Lombard Salerno was a centre of ivorywork in the 11th century.
The centre of ivorywork in Lombard Salerno continued under Norman domination.
The intercourse between French Crusaders traveling to the Holy Land should be noted.
French Crusaders brought French artefacts with them.
French Crusaders gifted the French artefacts to the churches at which they stopped in southern Italy.
The churches at which the French Crusaders stopped were located amongst their Norman cousins.
Many south Italian churches preserve works from France.
Many south Italian churches preserve their native pieces.
The preservation of works from France and native pieces is for this reason.
Normandy was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music.
The developments in the history of classical music occurred in the 11th century.
Fécamp Abbey was a centre of musical production and education.
Saint-Evroul Abbey was a centre of musical production and education.
At Fécamp, the system of denoting notes by letters was developed.
At Fécamp, the system of denoting notes by letters was taught.
William of Volpiano was one of the Italian abbots at Fécamp.
John of Ravenna was one of the Italian abbots at Fécamp.
The most common form of pitch representation in English-speaking countries is still the same.
The most common form of pitch representation in German-speaking countries is still the same.
The staff was first developed at Fécamp.
The staff was first taught at Fécamp.
Neumes were oriented around the staff.
The development and teaching of the staff occurred in the 11th century.
Isembard was a German abbot.
La Trinité-du-Mont became a centre of musical composition under Isembard.
A tradition of singing had developed at Saint Evroul.
The choir achieved fame in Normandy.
Robert de Grantmesnil was a Norman abbot.
Several monks of Saint-Evroul fled to southern Italy under the leadership of Robert de Grantmesnil.
Robert Guiscard patronised the monks of Saint-Evroul in southern Italy.
The monks of Saint-Evroul established a Latin monastery at Sant'Eufemia.
They continued the tradition of singing.
Computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science.
Computational complexity theory focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty.
Computational complexity theory relates those classes to each other.
A computational problem is understood to be a task.
A computational problem is in principle amenable to being solved by a computer.
Stating that a computational problem may be solved by a computer is equivalent to stating that the problem may be solved by mechanical application of mathematical steps.
Mathematical steps include an algorithm.
A problem is regarded as inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources.
The solution to a problem requires significant resources regardless of the algorithm used.
The theory formalizes the intuition.
The theory introduces mathematical models of computation.
The mathematical models of computation are used to study problems.
The theory quantifies the amount of resources needed to solve problems.
The resources needed to solve problems include time.
The resources needed to solve problems include storage.
Other complexity measures are also used.
One complexity measure is the amount of communication.
The amount of communication is used in communication complexity.
Another complexity measure is the number of gates in a circuit.
The number of gates in a circuit is used in circuit complexity.
Another complexity measure is the number of processors.
The number of processors is used in parallel computing.
One of the roles of computational complexity theory is to determine the practical limits on what computers can do.
One of the roles of computational complexity theory is to determine the practical limits on what computers cannot do.
Theoretical computer science includes closely related fields.
One closely related field in theoretical computer science is the analysis of algorithms.
Another closely related field in theoretical computer science is computability theory.
A key distinction exists between the analysis of algorithms and computational complexity theory.
The analysis of algorithms is devoted to analyzing the amount of resources needed by a particular algorithm to solve a problem.
Computational complexity theory asks a more general question about all possible algorithms that could be used to solve the same problem.
The statement tries to classify problems.
The classification is based on whether problems can be solved with appropriately restricted resources.
The classification is based on whether problems cannot be solved with appropriately restricted resources.
Imposing restrictions on the available resources distinguishes computational complexity from computability theory.
Computational complexity is a field of study in computer science.
Computability theory is a field of study in computer science.
Computability theory asks what kind of problems can, in principle, be solved algorithmically.
A computational problem can be viewed as an infinite collection of instances.
A computational problem can be viewed as a solution for every instance.
The input string for a computational problem is referred to as a problem instance.
A problem instance should not be confused with the problem itself.
In computational complexity theory, a problem refers to an abstract question.
The abstract question is to be solved.
An instance of this problem is a rather concrete utterance.
The concrete utterance can serve as the input for a decision problem.
The problem of primality testing is an example.
The instance is a number.
The number is represented by the symbol e.
The solution is 'yes' if the number is prime.
The solution is 'no' if the number is not prime.
In this case, the solution is 'no'.
The instance is a particular input to the problem.
The solution is the output corresponding to the given input.
The difference between a problem and an instance can be highlighted.
An instance of the decision version of the traveling salesman problem is presented.
The instance asks if there is a route of at most 2000 kilometres passing through all of Germany's 15 largest cities.
The quantitative answer to the instance of the traveling salesman problem is of little use for solving other instances of the problem.
Another instance of the traveling salesman problem asks for a round trip through all sites in Milan.
The total length of the round trip through all sites in Milan is at most 10 km.
Complexity theory addresses computational problems.
Complexity theory does not address particular problem instances.
The reason for this is related to the nature of complexity theory.
When considering computational problems, a problem instance is a string.
A string is over an alphabet.
The alphabet is usually taken to be the binary alphabet.
The set is {0, 1}.
The strings are bitstrings.
Mathematical objects other than bitstrings must be suitably encoded.
The encoding of mathematical objects is similar to the encoding in a real-world computer.
Integers can be represented in binary notation.
Graphs can be encoded directly via their adjacency matrices.
Graphs can be encoded by encoding their adjacency lists in binary.
Decision problems are one of the central objects of study in computational complexity theory.
A decision problem is a special type of computational problem.
The answer to a decision problem is either yes or no.
The answer to a decision problem is alternately either 1 or 0.
A decision problem can be viewed as a formal language.
The members of the formal language are instances whose output is yes.
The non-members of the formal language are those instances whose output is no.
The objective is to decide whether a given input string is a member of the formal language under consideration.
An algorithm aids in the decision-making process.
If the algorithm deciding this problem returns the answer yes, the algorithm is said to accept the input string.
If the algorithm deciding this problem does not return the answer yes, the algorithm is said to reject the input string.
An example of a decision problem exists.
The example of a decision problem is the following.
The input is an arbitrary graph.
The problem consists in deciding whether the given graph is connected.
The problem consists in deciding whether the given graph is not connected.
The formal language associated with the decision problem is the set of all connected graphs.
To obtain a precise definition of the formal language, one has to decide how graphs are encoded as binary strings.
A function problem is a computational problem.
A single output is expected for every input in a function problem.
The output of a function problem is more complex than that of a decision problem.
The output of a function problem isn't just yes or no.
Notable examples include the traveling salesman problem.
Notable examples include the integer factorization problem.
It is tempting to think that the notion of function problems is much richer than the notion of decision problems.
This is not really the case.
Function problems can be recast as decision problems.
The multiplication of two integers can be expressed as a set of triples.
The set of triples is represented as (a, b, c).
The relation a × b = c holds for the set of triples.
Deciding whether a given triple is a member of this set corresponds to solving a problem.
The problem involves multiplying two numbers.
To measure the difficulty of solving a computational problem is a common practice.
One may wish to see how much time the best algorithm requires to solve the computational problem.
The running time may depend on the instance.
The running time may, in general, depend on the instance.
Larger instances will require more time to solve.
The time required to solve a problem is calculated as a function of the size of the instance.
The space required to solve a problem is calculated as a function of the size of the instance.
Any measure of complexity is calculated as a function of the size of the instance.
The size of the input is usually taken to be measured in bits.
Complexity theory is interested in how algorithms scale.
Algorithms scale with an increase in the input size.
The problem of finding whether a graph is connected is being discussed.
The time taken to solve a problem for a graph with n vertices is being compared.
The time taken to solve a problem for a graph with 2n vertices is being compared.
The question is about how much more time it takes to solve the problem for a graph with 2n vertices compared to the time taken for a graph with n vertices.
If the input size is n, then the time taken can be expressed as a function of n.
The time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different.
The worst-case time complexity T(n) is defined.
The worst-case time complexity T(n) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n.
If T(n) is a polynomial in n, then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm.
Cobham's thesis states a hypothesis about problem-solving.
A problem can be solved with a feasible amount of resources.
A problem admits a polynomial time algorithm.
A Turing machine is a mathematical model.
A Turing machine is a model of a general computing machine.
Theoretical device manipulates symbols.
Symbols are contained on a strip of tape.
Turing machines are not intended as a practical computing technology.
Turing machines are intended as a thought experiment.
Turing machines represent a computing machine.
A computing machine can be anything from an advanced supercomputer to a mathematician with a pencil and paper.
It is believed that if a problem can be solved by an algorithm, then there exists a Turing machine that solves the problem.
A problem can be solved by an algorithm.
There exists a Turing machine that solves the problem.
This is the statement of the Church–Turing thesis.
It is known that everything that can be computed on other models of computation can also be computed on a Turing machine.
Other models of computation include a RAM machine.
Other models of computation include Conway's Game of Life.
Other models of computation include cellular automata.
Other models of computation include any programming language.
Turing machines are easy to analyze mathematically.
Turing machines are believed to be as powerful as any other model of computation.
The Turing machine is the most commonly used model in complexity theory.
A deterministic Turing machine is the most basic type of Turing machine.
A deterministic Turing machine uses a fixed set of rules.
The fixed set of rules is used to determine the future actions of the deterministic Turing machine.
A probabilistic Turing machine is a type of Turing machine.
A probabilistic Turing machine is a deterministic Turing machine.
A deterministic Turing machine has an extra supply of random bits.
The ability to make probabilistic decisions helps algorithms solve problems more efficiently.
Probabilistic decisions are a type of decision-making process.
Algorithms can utilize probabilistic decisions to improve their problem-solving efficiency.
Algorithms that use random bits are called randomized algorithms.
A non-deterministic Turing machine is a type of Turing machine.
A non-deterministic Turing machine is a deterministic Turing machine with an added feature of non-determinism.
The added feature of non-determinism allows a Turing machine to have multiple possible future actions.
The multiple possible future actions occur from a given state.
One way to view non-determinism is that the Turing machine branches into many possible computational paths at each step.
The Turing machine is said to have solved the problem if it solves the problem in any of these branches.
This model is not meant to be a physically realizable model.
This model is a theoretically interesting abstract machine.
This model gives rise to particularly interesting complexity classes.
For examples, see the non-deterministic algorithm.
Many types of Turing machines are used to define complexity classes.
Deterministic Turing machines are one type of Turing machine.
Probabilistic Turing machines are one type of Turing machine.
Non-deterministic Turing machines are one type of Turing machine.
Quantum Turing machines are one type of Turing machine.
Symmetric Turing machines are one type of Turing machine.
Alternating Turing machines are one type of Turing machine.
All options are equally powerful in principle.
Resources such as time or space can be bounded.
When resources are bounded, some options may be more powerful than others.
Many machine models different from the standard multi-tape Turing machines have been proposed in the literature.
Random access machines are an example of a machine model different from the standard multi-tape Turing machines.
Each of these models can be converted to another.
The conversion of these models does not require any extra computational power.
The time consumption of these alternate models may vary.
The memory consumption of these alternate models may vary.
All these models have something in common.
The machines operate deterministically.
Some computational problems are easier to analyze.
The analysis of some computational problems is in terms of more unusual resources.
A non-deterministic Turing machine is a computational model.
A non-deterministic Turing machine is allowed to branch out.
A non-deterministic Turing machine is allowed to check many different possibilities at once.
The non-deterministic Turing machine has very little to do with how we physically want to compute algorithms.
The branching of the non-deterministic Turing machine exactly captures many of the mathematical models we want to analyze.
Non-deterministic time is a very important resource in analyzing computational problems.
A precise definition of what it means to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space is needed.
A computational model is used for this precise definition.
The deterministic Turing machine is an example of a computational model.
The time required by a deterministic Turing machine M on input x is the total number of state transitions made by the machine.
The time required by a deterministic Turing machine M on input x is the total number of steps the machine makes before it halts.
The time required by a deterministic Turing machine M on input x is the total number of steps the machine makes before it outputs the answer.
The answer outputted by the deterministic Turing machine M can be either 'yes' or 'no'.
A Turing machine M is said to operate within time f(n).
The time required by Turing machine M on each input of length n is at most f(n).
A decision problem A can be solved in time f(n).
There exists a Turing machine that operates in time f(n).
The Turing machine solves the decision problem A.
Complexity theory is interested in classifying problems based on their difficulty.
One defines sets of problems based on some criteria.
The set of problems solvable within time f(n) exists.
The set of problems solvable within time f(n) is defined on a deterministic Turing machine.
The set of problems solvable within time f(n) is denoted by DTIME(f(n)).
Analogous definitions can be made for space requirements.
Time is a well-known complexity resource.
Space is a well-known complexity resource.
Any complexity measure can be viewed as a computational resource.
Complexity measures are defined by the Blum complexity axioms.
The definition of complexity measures is very general.
Other complexity measures are used in complexity theory.
Communication complexity is one of the complexity measures used in complexity theory.
Circuit complexity is one of the complexity measures used in complexity theory.
Decision tree complexity is one of the complexity measures used in complexity theory.
The best case complexity refers to one way of measuring the time complexity of different inputs of the same size.
The worst case complexity refers to another way of measuring the time complexity of different inputs of the same size.
The average case complexity refers to a third way of measuring the time complexity of different inputs of the same size.
The time complexity is a measure of the amount of time an algorithm takes to complete based on the size of the input.
The complexity measure can refer to any other complexity measure besides time.
Some inputs of size n may be faster to solve than other inputs of size n.
We define the following complexities.
Quicksort is a deterministic sorting algorithm.
Quicksort is an example of a sorting algorithm.
This solves the problem of sorting a list of integers.
The list of integers is given as the input.
The worst-case scenario occurs when the input is sorted.
The worst-case scenario occurs when the input is sorted in reverse order.
The algorithm takes time O(n^2) for the worst-case scenario.
If all possible permutations of the input list are assumed to be equally likely, then the average time taken for sorting is O(n log n).
The average time taken for sorting is O(n log n).
The best case occurs when each pivoting divides the list in half.
Each pivoting needs O(n log n) time.
One is interested in classifying the computation time.
One is interested in classifying similar resources, such as space consumption.
One is interested in proving upper bounds on the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem.
One is interested in proving lower bounds on the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem.
The minimum amount of time is required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem.
The complexity of an algorithm is usually taken to be its worst-case complexity.
The worst-case complexity of an algorithm is taken unless specified otherwise.
Analyzing a particular algorithm falls under the field of analysis of algorithms.
To show an upper bound T(n) on the time complexity of a problem, one needs to show that there is a particular algorithm.
The particular algorithm has a running time at most T(n).
Proving lower bounds is much more difficult.
Lower bounds make a statement about all possible algorithms.
Lower bounds make a statement about algorithms that solve a given problem.
The phrase 'all possible algorithms' includes algorithms known today.
The phrase 'all possible algorithms' includes any algorithm that might be discovered in the future.
To show a lower bound of T(n) for a problem requires showing that no algorithm can have time complexity lower than T(n).
T(n) is a function representing the time complexity for a problem.
An algorithm is a procedure or formula for solving a problem.
Upper bounds are usually stated using the big O notation.
Lower bounds are usually stated using the big O notation.
The big O notation hides constant factors.
The big O notation hides smaller terms.
The bounds are independent of the specific details of the computational model used.
T(n) is defined as 7n2 + 15n + 40.
In big O notation, T(n) can be expressed as O(n2).
Some complexity classes have complicated definitions.
The complicated definitions of some complexity classes do not fit into this framework.
A typical complexity class has a definition.
The definition of a typical complexity class is like the following.
Bounding the computation time above by some concrete function f(n) is a common practice.
Bounding the computation time above by some concrete function f(n) often yields complexity classes.
The complexity classes depend on the chosen machine model.
The language {xx | x is any binary string} can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape Turing machine.
The language {xx | x is any binary string} necessarily requires quadratic time in the model of single-tape Turing machines.
If polynomial variations in running time are allowed, the Cobham-Edmonds thesis states a specific relationship between time complexities.
The Cobham-Edmonds thesis states that the time complexities in any two reasonable and general models of computation are polynomially related.
Goldreich 2008 is a source that discusses the Cobham-Edmonds thesis.
Chapter 1 of Goldreich 2008 contains information about the Cobham-Edmonds thesis.
It seems that the input is incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you.
The basis for the complexity class P is formed by certain principles.
The complexity class P is the set of decision problems.
Decision problems in the complexity class P are solvable by a deterministic Turing machine.
A deterministic Turing machine solves decision problems within polynomial time.
The corresponding set of function problems is FP.
Many important complexity classes can be defined.
The definition of many important complexity classes involves bounding the time used by the algorithm.
The definition of many important complexity classes involves bounding the space used by the algorithm.
Some important complexity classes of decision problems are defined in a specific manner.
The following complexity classes are important.
Other important complexity classes include BPP, ZPP, and RP.
BPP is defined using probabilistic Turing machines.
ZPP is defined using probabilistic Turing machines.
RP is defined using probabilistic Turing machines.
AC is defined using Boolean circuits.
NC is defined using Boolean circuits.
BQP is defined using quantum Turing machines.
QMA is defined using quantum Turing machines.
P is an important complexity class.
P is a complexity class of counting problems.
P is not a complexity class of decision problems.
Classes like IP and AM are defined using interactive proof systems.
IP is a class of problems.
AM is a class of problems.
Interactive proof systems are used to define classes like IP and AM.
ALL is a class.
ALL is the class of all decision problems.
For the complexity classes defined in this way, it is desirable to prove a specific property.
The specific property is that relaxing the requirements on computation time defines a bigger set of problems.
DTIME(n) is contained in DTIME(n2).
It would be interesting to know if the inclusion of DTIME(n) in DTIME(n2) is strict.
The answer to questions about time requirements is given by the time hierarchy theorem.
The answer to questions about space requirements is given by the space hierarchy theorem.
Hierarchy theorems are called hierarchy theorems.
Hierarchy theorems induce a proper hierarchy on the classes.
The classes are defined by constraining the respective resources.
There are pairs of complexity classes.
One complexity class is properly included in the other complexity class.
Having deduced proper set inclusions is a prerequisite for making quantitative statements.
Quantitative statements can be made about how much more additional time is needed.
Quantitative statements can be made about how much more additional space is needed.
The additional time or space is needed in order to increase the number of problems that can be solved.
The time and space hierarchy theorems form the basis for most separation results.
The time and space hierarchy theorems are related to complexity classes.
The time hierarchy theorem tells us that P is strictly contained in EXPTIME.
The space hierarchy theorem tells us that L is strictly contained in PSPACE.
Many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction.
A reduction is a transformation.
A reduction transforms one problem into another problem.
The statement captures the informal notion of a problem being at least as difficult as another problem.
If a problem X can be solved using an algorithm for Y, then problem X is no more difficult than problem Y.
When problem X is no more difficult than problem Y, we say that problem X reduces to problem Y.
There are many different types of reductions.
The types of reductions are based on the method of reduction.
Cook reductions are a type of reduction.
Karp reductions are a type of reduction.
Levin reductions are a type of reduction.
The types of reductions are also based on the bound on the complexity of reductions.
Polynomial-time reductions are a type of reduction based on the bound on the complexity.
Log-space reductions are a type of reduction based on the bound on the complexity.
The most commonly used reduction is a polynomial-time reduction.
The reduction process takes polynomial time.
The problem of squaring an integer can be reduced to the problem of multiplying two integers.
An algorithm for multiplying two integers can be used to square an integer.
Squaring an integer is a specific application of multiplying two integers.
The same input can be given to both inputs of the multiplication algorithm.
This can be done.
Squaring is not more difficult than multiplication.
Squaring can be reduced to multiplication.
The concept of a problem being hard for a complexity class is motivated by certain factors.
A problem X is hard for a class of problems C.
Every problem in class C can be reduced to problem X.
No problem in C is harder than X.
An algorithm for X allows us to solve any problem in C.
The notion of hard problems depends on the type of reduction being used.
Polynomial-time reductions are commonly used for complexity classes larger than P.
The set of problems that are hard for NP is the set of NP-hard problems.
If a problem X is in class C, then problem X is considered to be part of class C.
If problem X is hard for class C, then problem X presents significant difficulty for class C.
If problem X is in class C and hard for class C, then problem X is said to be complete for class C.
X is the hardest problem in C.
Many problems could be equally hard.
One might say that X is one of the hardest problems in C.
The class of NP-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in NP.
The NP-complete problems are the ones most likely not to be in P.
The problem P = NP is not solved.
Being able to reduce a known NP-complete problem, Π2, to another problem, Π1, would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for Π1.
A polynomial-time solution to Π1 would yield a polynomial-time solution to Π2.
This is the reason for the statement.
All NP problems can be reduced to the set.
Finding an NP-complete problem that can be solved in polynomial time would mean that P equals NP.
The complexity class P is often seen as a mathematical abstraction.
The complexity class P models computational tasks.
Computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm are modeled by the complexity class P.
The hypothesis is called the Cobham–Edmonds thesis.
The complexity class NP contains many problems that people would like to solve efficiently.
No efficient algorithm is known for the problems in the complexity class NP.
The Boolean satisfiability problem is a problem in the complexity class NP.
The Hamiltonian path problem is a problem in the complexity class NP.
The vertex cover problem is a problem in the complexity class NP.
Deterministic Turing machines are special non-deterministic Turing machines.
It is easily observed that each problem in class P is also a member of the class NP.
The question of whether P equals NP is one of the most important open questions in theoretical computer science.
The question of whether P equals NP has wide implications of a solution.
If the answer is yes, many important problems can be shown to have more efficient solutions.
Various types of integer programming problems exist in operations research.
Many problems exist in logistics.
Protein structure prediction is a problem in biology.
The ability to find formal proofs of pure mathematics theorems exists.
The P versus NP problem is one of the Millennium Prize Problems.
The Millennium Prize Problems were proposed by the Clay Mathematics Institute.
There is a prize for resolving the problem.
The prize is US$1,000,000.
Ladner showed a hypothesis regarding the relationship between P and NP.
If P is not equal to NP, then there exist problems in NP.
The problems in NP are neither in P nor NP-complete.
Such problems are called NP-intermediate problems.
The graph isomorphism problem is an example of a problem believed to be NP-intermediate.
The discrete logarithm problem is an example of a problem believed to be NP-intermediate.
The integer factorization problem is an example of a problem believed to be NP-intermediate.
Some NP problems are not known to be in P.
Some NP problems are not known to be NP-complete.
The graph isomorphism problem is a computational problem.
The graph isomorphism problem involves determining whether two finite graphs are isomorphic.
An important unsolved problem in complexity theory exists.
The graph isomorphism problem is the subject of the important unsolved problem in complexity theory.
The graph isomorphism problem may be in P.
The graph isomorphism problem may be NP-complete.
The graph isomorphism problem may be NP-intermediate.
The answer is not known.
It is believed that the problem is at least not NP-complete.
Graph isomorphism is a problem in computer science.
If graph isomorphism is NP-complete, then the polynomial time hierarchy collapses to its second level.
The polynomial time hierarchy is a classification of decision problems.
It is widely believed that the polynomial hierarchy does not collapse to any finite level.
It is believed that graph isomorphism is not NP-complete.
The best algorithm for this problem has a run time of 2O(√(n log(n))) for graphs with n vertices.
Laszlo Babai is one of the contributors to the best algorithm for this problem.
Eugene Luks is one of the contributors to the best algorithm for this problem.
The run time of the best algorithm depends on the number of vertices in the graphs.
The integer factorization problem is a computational problem.
The integer factorization problem involves determining the prime factorization of a given integer.
The problem is phrased as a decision problem.
The decision problem involves deciding whether the input has a factor less than k.
The input is an unspecified mathematical object.
k is a specified threshold value.
No efficient integer factorization algorithm is known.
The fact that no efficient integer factorization algorithm is known forms the basis of several modern cryptographic systems.
Several modern cryptographic systems include the RSA algorithm.
The integer factorization problem is in NP.
The integer factorization problem is in co-NP.
The integer factorization problem is in UP.
The integer factorization problem is in co-UP.
If the problem is NP-complete, then the polynomial time hierarchy will collapse to its first level.
NP will equal co-NP.
The best known algorithm for integer factorization is the general number field sieve.
The general number field sieve takes time O(e^(64/9) * n^(1/3)).
The expression is log 2.
The expression is raised to the power of 1/3.
The expression is multiplied by log (n).
The expression log 2))2/3) is related to the factorization of an n-bit integer.
The logarithm function is denoted as log.
The base of the logarithm in this context is 2.
The expression 2/3 is a fraction.
The term n-bit refers to an integer that is represented using n bits.
The best known quantum algorithm for this problem is Shor's algorithm.
Shor's algorithm does run in polynomial time.
The fact does not provide much information about where the problem lies.
The problem lies with respect to non-quantum complexity classes.
Many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal.
The suspicion that many known complexity classes are unequal has not been proved.
P is a subset of NP.
NP is a subset of PP.
PP is a subset of PSPACE.
It is possible that P is equal to PSPACE.
If P is not equal to NP, then P is not equal to PSPACE.
There are many known complexity classes between P and PSPACE.
Some of the known complexity classes between P and PSPACE are RP, BPP, PP, BQP, MA, and PH.
It is possible that all these complexity classes collapse to one class.
Proving that any of these classes are unequal would be a major breakthrough in complexity theory.
The classes referred to in the statement are unspecified.
Co-NP is the class containing the complement problems.
There are problems with the yes/no answers reversed.
The problems mentioned are NP problems.
It is believed that NP is not equal to co-NP.
It has not yet been proven that NP is not equal to co-NP.
It has been shown that if the two complexity classes are not equal, then P is not equal to NP.
The two complexity classes are not equal.
P is not equal to NP.
It is not known if L is strictly contained in P.
L is the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space.
It is not known if L is equal to P.
There are many complexity classes between the two.
NL is a complexity class.
NC is a complexity class.
It is not known if NL and NC are distinct classes.
It is not known if NL and NC are equal classes.
Problems can be solved in theory.
Problems that are given large but finite time are known as intractable problems.
Intractable problems take too long for their solutions to be useful.
In complexity theory, problems that lack polynomial-time solutions are considered to be intractable.
Problems that lack polynomial-time solutions are considered to be intractable for more than the smallest inputs.
The Cobham–Edmonds thesis states that only those problems can be solved in polynomial time.
Problems that can be solved in polynomial time can be feasibly computed on some computational device.
Problems that are known to be intractable include those that are EXPTIME-hard.
If NP is not the same as P, then the NP-complete problems are intractable.
NP is not the same as P.
NP-complete problems are intractable in this sense.
Exponential-time algorithms might be unusable in practice.
A program makes 2n operations before halting.
For small n, the value of n is 100.
Assuming for the sake of example that the computer does 10^12 operations each second.
The program would run for about 4 × 10^10 years.
4 × 10^10 years is the same order of magnitude as the age of the universe.
Even with a much faster computer, the program would only be useful for very small instances.
The intractability of a problem is somewhat independent of technological progress.
A polynomial time algorithm is not always practical.
If the running time of the algorithm is n15, it is unreasonable to consider the algorithm efficient.
The algorithm is still useless except on small instances.
The meaning of intractability in practice is open to debate.
Saying that a problem is not in P does not imply that all large cases of the problem are hard.
Saying that a problem is not in P does not imply that most large cases of the problem are hard.
The decision problem in Presburger arithmetic has been shown not to be in P.
Algorithms have been written that solve the decision problem in Presburger arithmetic.
The algorithms solve the decision problem in reasonable times in most cases.
Algorithms can solve the NP-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes.
Algorithms can solve the NP-complete knapsack problem in less than quadratic time.
SAT solvers routinely handle large instances of the NP-complete Boolean satisfiability problem.
Numerous foundations were laid out by various researchers.
The actual research explicitly devoted to the complexity of algorithmic problems started off after the foundations were laid out.
The definition of Turing machines was proposed by Alan Turing in 1936.
The definition of Turing machines was the most influential among these.
The definition of Turing machines turned out to be a very robust simplification of a computer.
The definition of Turing machines turned out to be a very flexible simplification of a computer.
Fortnow & Homer point out that the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to a seminal paper.
The seminal paper is titled 'On the Computational Complexity of Algorithms'.
The authors of the seminal paper are Juris Hartmanis and Richard Stearns.
The seminal paper was published in 1965.
The seminal paper laid out the definitions of time complexity.
The seminal paper laid out the definitions of space complexity.
The seminal paper proved the hierarchy theorems.
In 1965, Edmonds defined a 'good' algorithm.
A 'good' algorithm is one with running time bounded by a polynomial of the input size.
Earlier papers studied problems solvable by Turing machines with specific bounded resources.
John Myhill defined linear bounded automata in 1960.
Raymond Smullyan studied rudimentary sets in 1961.
Hisao Yamada wrote a paper on real-time computations in 1962.
Boris Trakhtenbrot studied another specific complexity measure.
Boris Trakhtenbrot was a pioneer in the field.
Boris Trakhtenbrot was from the USSR.
Boris Trakhtenbrot conducted his study in 1956.
The study occurred somewhat earlier than another unspecified event.
Some proofs of complexity-theoretic theorems regularly assume a concrete choice of input encoding.
One tries to keep the discussion abstract enough.
The discussion aims to be independent of the choice of encoding.
Different representations can be transformed into each other efficiently.
Ensuring that different representations can be transformed into each other efficiently can achieve a specific goal.
In 1967, Manuel Blum developed an axiomatic complexity theory.
The axiomatic complexity theory was based on the axioms of Manuel Blum.
Manuel Blum proved an important result.
The important result is known as the speed-up theorem.
The field really began to flourish in 1971.
Stephen Cook is a US researcher.
Stephen Cook proved that there exist practically relevant problems that are NP-complete.
Leonid Levin is a researcher in the USSR.
Leonid Levin worked independently.
Leonid Levin proved that there exist practically relevant problems that are NP-complete.
In 1972, Richard Karp took an idea a leap forward.
Richard Karp published a landmark paper titled 'Reducibility Among Combinatorial Problems'.
Richard Karp showed that 21 diverse combinatorial problems are NP-complete.
Richard Karp showed that 21 diverse graph theoretical problems are NP-complete.
Each of the 21 diverse combinatorial and graph theoretical problems is infamous for its computational intractability.
Southern California is a geographic and cultural region.
Southern California is often abbreviated as SoCal.
Southern California generally comprises California's southernmost 10 counties.
The region is traditionally described as 'eight counties'.
The description of the region is based on demographics.
The description of the region is based on economic ties.
The eight counties are Imperial, Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Barbara, and Ventura.
The more extensive 10-county definition is used.
The 10-county definition includes Kern County.
The 10-county definition includes San Luis Obispo County.
The 10-county definition is based on historical political divisions.
Southern California is a major economic center for the state of California.
Southern California is a major economic center for the United States.
The 8-county definition is not used for the greater Southern California Megaregion.
The 10-county definition is not used for the greater Southern California Megaregion.
The greater Southern California Megaregion is one of the 11 megaregions of the United States.
The megaregion's area is more expansive.
The megaregion extends east into Las Vegas, Nevada.
The megaregion extends south across the Mexican border into Tijuana.
Southern California includes the heavily built-up urban area stretching along the Pacific coast.
The heavily built-up urban area stretches from Ventura.
The heavily built-up urban area stretches through the Greater Los Angeles Area.
The heavily built-up urban area stretches through the Inland Empire.
The heavily built-up urban area stretches down to Greater San Diego.
Southern California's population encompasses seven metropolitan areas.
The seven metropolitan areas are known as MSAs.
The Los Angeles metropolitan area consists of Los Angeles County and Orange County.
The Inland Empire consists of Riverside County and San Bernardino County.
The San Diego metropolitan area is one of the metropolitan areas in Southern California.
The Oxnard–Thousand Oaks–Ventura metropolitan area is one of the metropolitan areas in Southern California.
The Santa Barbara metro area is one of the metropolitan areas in Southern California.
The San Luis Obispo metropolitan area is one of the metropolitan areas in Southern California.
The El Centro area is one of the metropolitan areas in Southern California.
The Los Angeles area is a heavily populated area.
The Los Angeles area has over 12 million inhabitants.
The Riverside-San Bernardino area is a heavily populated area.
The Riverside-San Bernardino area has over four million inhabitants.
The San Diego area is a heavily populated area.
The San Diego area has over 3 million inhabitants.
For CSA metropolitan purposes, the five counties of Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, and Ventura are combined.
The combination of the five counties makes up the Greater Los Angeles Area.
The Greater Los Angeles Area has a population of over 17.
The number of people is 5 million.
Southern California has over 22 million people.
Southern California contains roughly 60 percent of California's population.
The Colorado Desert is located to the east.
The Colorado River is located at the border with Arizona.
The Mojave Desert is located at the border with the state of Nevada.
The Mexico–United States border is located to the south.
Southern California contains two major cities.
The two major cities in Southern California are Los Angeles and San Diego.
Southern California contains three of the country's largest metropolitan areas.
Los Angeles has a population of 3,792,621.
Los Angeles is the most populous city in California.
Los Angeles is the second most populous city in the United States.
San Diego is located to the south.
San Diego has a population of 1,307,402.
San Diego is the second most populous city in the state.
San Diego is the eighth most populous city in the nation.
Los Angeles County is one of the five most populous counties in the state.
Orange County is one of the five most populous counties in the state.
San Diego County is one of the five most populous counties in the state.
San Bernardino County is one of the five most populous counties in the state.
Riverside County is one of the five most populous counties in the state.
All five counties are in the top 15 most populous counties in the United States.
The motion picture industry is centered on Los Angeles in southern California.
The television industry is centered on Los Angeles in southern California.
The music industry is centered on Los Angeles in southern California.
Hollywood is a district within Los Angeles.
Hollywood is also a name associated with the motion picture industry.
The Walt Disney Company is headquartered in southern California.
The Walt Disney Company also owns ABC.
Sony Pictures is headquartered in southern California.
Universal is headquartered in southern California.
MGM is headquartered in southern California.
Paramount Pictures is headquartered in southern California.
20th Century Fox is headquartered in southern California.
Warner Brothers is headquartered in southern California.
Universal runs a major record company.
Warner Brothers runs a major record company.
Sony runs a major record company.
Southern California is home to a large surf culture.
Southern California is home to a large skateboard culture.
The surf culture in Southern California is home grown.
The skateboard culture in Southern California is home grown.
Volcom is a company.
Quiksilver is a company.
No Fear is a company.
RVCA is a company.
Body Glove is a company.
Volcom, Quiksilver, No Fear, RVCA, and Body Glove are all headquartered in the same location.
Tony Hawk is a professional skateboarder.
Rob Machado is a professional surfer.
Tim Curran is a professional surfer.
Bobby Martinez is a professional surfer.
Pat O'Connell is a professional surfer.
Dane Reynolds is a professional surfer.
Chris Ward is a professional surfer.
Shaun White is a professional snowboarder.
Tony Hawk, Rob Machado, Tim Curran, Bobby Martinez, Pat O'Connell, Dane Reynolds, Chris Ward, and Shaun White live in southern California.
Some of the world's legendary surf spots are in southern California.
Some of the legendary surf spots in southern California include Trestles.
Some of the legendary surf spots in southern California include Rincon.
Some of the legendary surf spots in southern California include The Wedge.
Some of the legendary surf spots in southern California include Huntington Beach.
Some of the legendary surf spots in southern California include Malibu.
Southern California is second only to the island of Oahu in terms of famous surf breaks.
Some of the world's biggest extreme sports events exist.
The X Games is one of the world's biggest extreme sports events.
Boost Mobile Pro is one of the world's biggest extreme sports events.
The U is one of the world's biggest extreme sports events.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The Open of Surfing events are all located in southern California.
Southern California is important to the world of yachting.
The annual Transpacific Yacht Race is one of yachting's premier events.
The Transpacific Yacht Race is also known as Transpac.
The Transpacific Yacht Race takes place from Los Angeles to Hawaii.
The San Diego Yacht Club held the America's Cup from 1988 to 1995.
The America's Cup is the most prestigious prize in yachting.
The San Diego Yacht Club hosted three America's Cup races during the time from 1988 to 1995.
Many locals frequent the southern California coast for its popular beaches.
Many tourists frequent the southern California coast for its popular beaches.
The desert city of Palm Springs is popular for its resort feel.
The desert city of Palm Springs is popular for its nearby open spaces.
Southern California is not a formal geographic designation.
Definitions of what constitutes southern California vary.
California's north-south midway point lies at exactly 37° 9' 58.
The geographical location of California's north-south midway point is defined by the coordinates 37° 9' 58.
23 degrees latitude is located around 11 miles south of San Jose.
11 miles is equivalent to 18 kilometers.
The location at 23 degrees latitude does not coincide with the popular use of the term.
The state is divided into two areas.
The two areas are northern California and southern California.
The term 'southern California' usually refers to the ten southern-most counties of the state.
The definition coincides neatly with the county lines at 35° 47′ 28″ north latitude.
The county lines at 35° 47′ 28″ north latitude form the northern borders of San Luis Obispo County.
The county lines at 35° 47′ 28″ north latitude form the northern borders of Kern County.
The county lines at 35° 47′ 28″ north latitude form the northern borders of San Bernardino County.
Another definition for southern California uses Point Conception as the northern boundary.
Another definition for southern California uses the Tehachapi Mountains as the northern boundary.
There is no official definition for the northern boundary of southern California.
A division of southern California has existed from the time when Mexico ruled California.
Political disputes raged between the Californios of Monterey in the upper part of Alta California.
Political disputes raged between the Californios of Los Angeles in the lower part of Alta California.
The United States acquired California.
The division continued as part of the attempt by several pro-slavery politicians.
Several pro-slavery politicians attempted to arrange the division of Alta California at 36 degrees, 30 minutes.
The line of 36 degrees, 30 minutes is the line of the Missouri Compromise.
The passing of the Compromise of 1850 enabled California to be admitted to the Union as a free state.
The admission of California as a free state prevented southern California from becoming its own separate slave state.
Californios were dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws.
Pro-slavery southerners were present in the lightly populated 'Cow Counties' of southern California.
Californios and pro-slavery southerners attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve separate statehood.
Californios and pro-slavery southerners attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve territorial status separate from Northern California.
The last attempt was the Pico Act of 1859.
The Pico Act of 1859 was passed by the California State Legislature.
The Pico Act of 1859 was signed by the State governor John B.
Weller is a named entity.
The proposal was approved overwhelmingly by nearly 75% of voters.
The voters were in the proposed Territory of Colorado.
This territory was to include all the counties up to the then much larger Tulare County.
Tulare County included what is now Kings County.
Tulare County included most of Kern County.
Tulare County included part of Inyo County.
This territory was to include San Luis Obispo County.
The proposal was sent to Washington.
Washington is a location.
Senator Milton Latham is a strong advocate.
The secession crisis followed the election of Abraham Lincoln in 1860.
The secession crisis led to the proposal never coming to a vote.
In 1900, the Los Angeles Times defined southern California.
Southern California includes the seven counties of Los Angeles, San Bernardino, Orange, Riverside, San Diego, Ventura, and Santa Barbara.
In 1999, the Times added a newer county.
The newer county is Imperial.
The newer county was added to that list.
The state is most commonly divided by its regional tourism groups.
The state is most commonly promoted by its regional tourism groups.
The state consists of northern California, central California, and southern California regions.
The two AAA Auto Clubs of the state are the California State Automobile Association and the Automobile Club of Southern California.
The California State Automobile Association and the Automobile Club of Southern California choose to simplify matters.
The California State Automobile Association and the Automobile Club of Southern California divide the state along the lines where their jurisdictions for membership apply.
The division of the state is categorized as either northern California or southern California.
The division of the state contrasts with the three-region point of view.
Another influence is the geographical phrase South of the Tehachapis.
The geographical phrase South of the Tehachapis would split the southern region off at the crest of the transverse range.
In that definition, the desert portions of north Los Angeles County would be included in the southern California region.
In that definition, the desert portions of eastern Kern County would be included in the southern California region.
In that definition, the desert portions of San Bernardino County would be included in the southern California region.
The desert portions of north Los Angeles County, eastern Kern County, and San Bernardino County are included in the southern California region due to their remoteness from the central valley.
The desert portions of north Los Angeles County, eastern Kern County, and San Bernardino County are included in the southern California region due to their interior desert landscape.
Southern California consists of a heavily developed urban environment.
Southern California is home to some of the largest urban areas in the state.
Southern California has vast areas that have been left undeveloped.
The third most populated megalopolis in the United States is the megalopolis being referred to.
The Great Lakes Megalopolis is the most populated megalopolis in the United States.
The Northeastern megalopolis is the second most populated megalopolis in the United States.
Much of southern California is famous for its large suburban communities.
Much of southern California is famous for its spread-out suburban communities.
Much of southern California is famous for its use of automobiles.
Much of southern California is famous for its use of highways.
The dominant areas are Los Angeles.
The dominant areas are Orange County.
The dominant areas are San Diego.
The dominant areas are Riverside-San Bernardino.
Los Angeles is the center of its respective metropolitan area.
Orange County is the center of its respective metropolitan area.
San Diego is the center of its respective metropolitan area.
Riverside-San Bernardino is the center of its respective metropolitan area.
Each metropolitan area is composed of numerous smaller cities and communities.
The urban area is host to an international metropolitan region.
The international metropolitan region is in the form of San Diego–Tijuana.
The San Diego–Tijuana metropolitan region was created by the urban area spilling over into Baja California.
Traveling south on Interstate 5 is an action.
Camp Pendleton is the main gap to continued urbanization.
The cities and communities along Interstate 15 are inter-related.
The cities and communities along Interstate 215 are inter-related.
Temecula has a connection with the San Diego metropolitan area.
Temecula has a connection with the Inland Empire.
Murrieta has a connection with the San Diego metropolitan area.
Murrieta has a connection with the Inland Empire.
Temecula and Murrieta have as much connection with the San Diego metropolitan area as they do with the Inland Empire.
The United States Census Bureau considers the San Bernardino and Riverside County areas as a separate metropolitan area.
The separate metropolitan area is referred to as the Riverside-San Bernardino area.
The Riverside-San Bernardino area is considered separate from Los Angeles County.
Many individuals commute to location L.
There are some differences in development between San Bernardino County and Orange County.
Most of the non-desert portions of San Bernardino County were developed in the 1980s.
Most of the non-desert portions of Riverside County were developed in the 1990s.
Newly developed exurbs formed in the Antelope Valley north of Los Angeles.
Newly developed exurbs formed in the Victor Valley.
Newly developed exurbs formed in the Coachella Valley.
Newly developed exurbs formed in the Imperial Valley.
Population growth was high in the Bakersfield-Kern County area.
Population growth was high in the Santa Maria area.
Population growth was high in the San Luis Obispo area.
Southern California contains a Mediterranean climate.
The Mediterranean climate in Southern California has infrequent rain.
The Mediterranean climate in Southern California has many sunny days.
Summers are hot.
Summers are dry.
Winters are a bit warm.
Winters are mild.
Winters are wet.
Serious rain can occur.
Serious rain can occur unusually.
In the summers, temperature ranges are 90-60's.
In the winters, temperature ranges are 70-50's.
Southern California usually has a Mediterranean climate.
Snow is very rare in the Southwest of the state.
Snow occurs in the Southeast of the state.
Southern California consists of a varied collection of geologic landscapes.
Southern California consists of a varied collection of topographic landscapes.
Southern California consists of a varied collection of natural ecosystem landscapes.
The diversity of landscapes in Southern California outnumbers the diversity of landscapes in other major regions in the state.
The diversity of landscapes in Southern California outnumbers the diversity of landscapes in the country.
The region spans from Pacific Ocean islands.
The region spans from shorelines.
The region spans from beaches.
The region spans from coastal plains.
The region spans through the Transverse Ranges.
The region spans through the Peninsular Ranges.
The Transverse Ranges have peaks.
The region spans into the large interior valleys.
The region spans into the small interior valleys.
The region spans to the vast deserts of California.
Each year, the southern California area experiences about 10,000 earthquakes.
Nearly all of the entities are so small that the entities are not felt.
Only several hundred entities are greater than magnitude 3.
There are about 15 to 20 entities that are greater than magnitude 4.
The total number of entities is 0.
The magnitude is 6.
The 1994 Northridge earthquake was particularly destructive.
The 1994 Northridge earthquake caused a substantial number of deaths.
The 1994 Northridge earthquake caused a substantial number of injuries.
The 1994 Northridge earthquake caused a substantial number of structural collapses.
The earthquake caused the most property damage of any earthquake.
The earthquake occurred in the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The history is estimated at over $20 billion.
Many faults are able to produce a magnitude 6.
A 7+ earthquake can occur.
The San Andreas Fault is an example of a fault that can produce a magnitude 8 earthquake.
0 event is a term that may refer to a specific occurrence or situation.
The term '0 event' may imply the absence of any significant event or activity.
Other faults include the San Jacinto Fault.
Other faults include the Puente Hills Fault.
Other faults include the Elsinore Fault Zone.
The USGS has released a California Earthquake forecast.
The California Earthquake forecast models Earthquake occurrence in California.
Southern California is divided culturally into distinctive regions.
Southern California is divided politically into distinctive regions.
Southern California is divided economically into distinctive regions.
Each distinctive region in Southern California contains its own culture.
Each distinctive region in Southern California contains its own atmosphere.
Each distinctive region in Southern California is usually anchored by a city.
The city in each distinctive region of Southern California has national recognition.
The city in each distinctive region of Southern California has global recognition.
The city in each distinctive region of Southern California is often the hub of economic activity for its respective region.
The city in each distinctive region of Southern California is home to many tourist destinations.
Each region is further divided into many culturally distinct areas.
The culturally distinct areas combine to create the southern California atmosphere.
As of the 2010 United States Census, southern California has a population of 22,680,010.
Southern California has a reputation for high growth rates.
The growth rate of Southern California grew less than the state average.
The state average growth rate is 10.
California's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state in the 2000s.
The concentration of California's growth was due to a stronger, tech-oriented economy in the Bay Area.
The concentration of California's growth was also due to an emerging Greater Sacramento region.
Southern California consists of one Combined Statistical Area.
Southern California consists of eight Metropolitan Statistical Areas.
Southern California consists of one international metropolitan area.
Southern California consists of multiple metropolitan divisions.
The region is home to two extended metropolitan areas.
The two extended metropolitan areas exceed five million in population.
The Greater Los Angeles Area has a population of 17,786,419.
San Diego–Tijuana has a population of 5,105,768.
The Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana metropolitan area is one of the metropolitan areas.
The Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario metropolitan area is one of the metropolitan areas.
The Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura metropolitan area is one of the metropolitan areas.
The Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana metropolitan area, Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario metropolitan area, and Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura metropolitan area form Greater Los Angeles.
The El Centro metropolitan area is one of the metropolitan areas.
The San Diego-Carlsbad-San Marcos metropolitan area is one of the metropolitan areas.
The El Centro metropolitan area and San Diego-Carlsbad-San Marcos metropolitan area form the Southern Border Region.
The Santa Barbara metropolitan area is located north of Greater Los Angeles.
The San Luis Obispo metropolitan area is located north of Greater Los Angeles.
The Bakersfield metropolitan area is located north of Greater Los Angeles.
Los Angeles is a city.
The population of 7 million people is mentioned.
San Diego has a population of 1.
3 million people live in southern California.
Southern California has two largest cities in all of California.
The two largest cities in California are also two of the eight largest cities in the United States.
In southern California, there are twelve cities with more than 200,000 residents.
In southern California, there are thirty-four cities with over 100,000 in population.
Many of southern California's most developed cities lie along the coast.
Many of southern California's most developed cities lie in close proximity to the coast.
San Bernardino is an exception to the developed cities that lie along or in close proximity to the coast.
Riverside is an exception to the developed cities that lie along or in close proximity to the coast.
Southern California's economy is diverse.
Southern California's economy is one of the largest economies in the United States.
The region is dominated by the abundance of petroleum.
The region is heavily dependent upon the abundance of petroleum.
Other regions do not have automobiles that are nearly as dominant.
The vast majority of transport in the region runs on petroleum.
Southern California is famous for tourism.
Southern California is famous for Hollywood.
Hollywood is associated with film.
Hollywood is associated with television.
Hollywood is associated with music.
Other industries include software.
Other industries include automotive.
Other industries include ports.
Other industries include finance.
Other industries include tourism.
Other industries include biomedical.
Other industries include regional logistics.
The region was a leader in the housing bubble from 2001 to 2007.
The region has been heavily impacted by the housing crash.
Since the 1920s, motion pictures have been a major industry.
Since the 1920s, petroleum has been a major industry.
Since the 1920s, aircraft manufacturing has been a major industry.
One of the richest agricultural regions is located in the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Cattle was a major industry.
Citrus was a major industry.
Farmlands were turned into suburbs.
Military spending cutbacks have had an impact.
Aerospace continues to be a major factor.
Southern California is home to many major business districts.
Central business districts include Downtown Los Angeles.
Central business districts include Downtown San Diego.
Central business districts include Downtown San Bernardino.
Central business districts include Downtown Bakersfield.
Central business districts include South Coast Metro.
Central business districts include Downtown Riverside.
The major business districts are located within the Los Angeles Area.
The major business districts include Downtown Burbank.
The major business districts include Downtown Santa Monica.
The major business districts include Downtown Glendale.
The major business districts include Downtown Long Beach.
Los Angeles has many business districts.
One of the business districts is the Downtown Los Angeles central business district.
The Wilshire Boulevard Miracle Mile has business districts lining it.
Century City is a business district that lines the Wilshire Boulevard Miracle Mile.
Westwood is a business district that lines the Wilshire Boulevard Miracle Mile.
Warner Center is a business district located in the San Fernando Valley.
The San Bernardino-Riverside area maintains business districts.
The business districts include Downtown San Bernardino.
The business districts include Hospitality Business/Financial Centre.
The business districts include University Town.
Downtown San Bernardino is located in San Bernardino.
Downtown Riverside is also a business district.
Orange County is a rapidly developing business center.
Orange County includes Downtown Santa Ana.
Orange County includes the South Coast Metro district.
Orange County includes the Newport Center district.
Orange County includes the Irvine business centers of The Irvine Spectrum.
Orange County includes the Irvine business centers of West Irvine.
Orange County includes international corporations headquartered at the University of California, Irvine.
The University of California, Irvine is a location of international corporations.
West Irvine includes the Irvine Tech Center.
West Irvine includes the Jamboree Business Parks.
Downtown San Diego is the central business district of San Diego.
San Diego is filled with business districts.
Carmel Valley is included.
Del Mar Heights is included.
Mission Valley is included.
Rancho Bernardo is included.
Sorrento Mesa is included.
University City is included.
Most of these districts are located in Northern San Diego.
Some of these districts are located within North County regions.
Southern California is home to Los Angeles International Airport.
Los Angeles International Airport is the second-busiest airport in the United States by passenger volume.
Los Angeles International Airport is the third-busiest airport in the United States by international passenger volume.
San Diego International Airport is the busiest single runway airport in the world.
Van Nuys Airport is the world's busiest general aviation airport.
Southern California has major commercial airports at Orange County.
Southern California has major commercial airports at Bakersfield.
Southern California has major commercial airports at Ontario.
Southern California has major commercial airports at Burbank.
Southern California has major commercial airports at Long Beach.
Southern California has numerous smaller commercial airports.
Southern California has numerous general aviation airports.
Six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system run out of Downtown Los Angeles.
The commuter rail system is called Metrolink.
The six lines connect Los Angeles County with Ventura County.
The six lines connect Los Angeles County with San Bernardino County.
The six lines connect Los Angeles County with Riverside County.
The six lines connect Los Angeles County with Orange County.
The six lines connect Los Angeles County with San Diego County.
The other line connects San Bernardino County with Riverside County.
The other line connects San Bernardino County with Orange County.
Southern California is home to the Port of Los Angeles.
The Port of Los Angeles is the United States' busiest commercial port.
Southern California is home to the Port of Long Beach.
The Port of Long Beach is the United States' second busiest container port.
Southern California is home to the Port of San Diego.
The Tech Coast is a moniker.
The Tech Coast has gained use as a descriptor for the region's diversified technology and industrial base.
The Tech Coast has gained use as a descriptor for the multitude of prestigious and world-renowned research universities.
The Tech Coast has gained use as a descriptor for other public and private institutions.
There are 5 University of California campuses.
The University of California campuses include Irvine.
The University of California campuses include Los Angeles.
The University of California campuses include Riverside.
The University of California campuses include Santa Barbara.
The University of California campuses include San Diego.
There are 12 California State University campuses.
The California State University campuses include Bakersfield.
The California State University campuses include Channel Islands.
The California State University campuses include Dominguez Hills.
The California State University campuses include Fullerton.
The California State University campuses include Los Angeles.
The California State University campuses include Long Beach.
The California State University campuses include Northridge.
The California State University campuses include Pomona.
The California State University campuses include San Bernardino.
The California State University campuses include San Diego.
The California State University campuses include San Marcos.
The California State University campuses include San Luis Obispo.
There are private institutions in California.
The private institutions include the California Institute of Technology.
The private institutions include Chapman University.
The private institutions include the Claremont Colleges.
The Claremont Colleges include Claremont McKenna College.
The Claremont Colleges include Harvey Mudd College.
The Claremont Colleges include Pitzer College.
The Claremont Colleges include Pomona College.
The Claremont Colleges include Scripps College.
The private institutions include Loma Linda University.
The private institutions include Loyola Marymount University.
The private institutions include Occidental College.
The private institutions include Pepperdine University.
The private institutions include the University of Redlands.
The private institutions include the University of San Diego.
The private institutions include the University of Southern California.
Professional sports teams in Southern California include teams from the NFL.
The NFL teams in Southern California are the Los Angeles Rams and the San Diego Chargers.
Professional sports teams in Southern California include teams from the NBA.
The NBA teams in Southern California are the Los Angeles Lakers and the Los Angeles Clippers.
Professional sports teams in Southern California include teams from MLB.
The MLB teams in Southern California are the Los Angeles Dodgers, the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, and the San Diego Padres.
Professional sports teams in Southern California include teams from the NHL.
The NHL teams in Southern California are the Los Angeles Kings and the Anaheim Ducks.
Professional sports teams in Southern California include teams from MLS.
The MLS team in Southern California is the LA Galaxy.
From 2005 to 2014, there were two Major League Soccer teams in Los Angeles.
The two Major League Soccer teams in Los Angeles were the LA Galaxy and Chivas USA.
The LA Galaxy played at the StubHub Center.
Chivas USA played at the StubHub Center.
The LA Galaxy and Chivas USA were local rivals.
Chivas were suspended following the 2014 MLS season.
A second MLS team was scheduled to return in 2018.
College sports are popular in southern California.
The UCLA Bruins field a team in NCAA Division I in the Pac-12 Conference.
The USC Trojans field a team in NCAA Division I in the Pac-12 Conference.
There is a longtime rivalry between the UCLA Bruins and the USC Trojans.
Rugby is a growing sport in southern California.
Rugby is particularly growing at the high school level in southern California.
Increasing numbers of schools in southern California are adding rugby as an official school sport.
BSkyB was formed in November 1990.
BSkyB was formed by the equal merger of Sky Television and British Satellite Broadcasting.
Sky Television and British Satellite Broadcasting were the entities that merged to form BSkyB.
BSkyB became the UK's largest digital subscription television company.
BSkyB acquired Sky Italia in 2014.
BSkyB's acquisition of Sky Italia was a majority acquisition.
The majority acquisition of Sky Italia by BSkyB was 90%.
In November 2014, British Sky Broadcasting Group plc changed its name to Sky plc.
British Sky Broadcasting Group plc was the holding company of Sky Deutschland.
Sky Deutschland had a 04% interest.
The United Kingdom operations changed the company name from British Sky Broadcasting Limited to Sky UK Limited.
Sky UK Limited is still trading as Sky.
BSkyB's monopoly came to an end from the 2007–08 season.
The European Commission deemed the exclusivity of the rights to be against the interests of competition.
The European Commission deemed the exclusivity of the rights to be against the interests of the consumer.
There was a lengthy legal battle between BSkyB and the European Commission.
In May 2006, the Irish broadcaster Setanta Sports was awarded two of the six Premier League packages.
The English FA offered six Premier League packages to broadcasters.
Sky picked up the remaining four.
Sky paid £1 for the remaining four.
In February 2015, Sky made a bid.
Sky bid £4.
The cost for a package of 120 Premier League games is 2 billion.
The package of 120 Premier League games spans across three seasons.
The three seasons begin from 2016.
The increase on the previous contract was 70%.
The increase was said to be £1bn more than the company had expected to pay.
The move has been followed by staff cuts.
The move has been followed by increased subscription prices.
The increased subscription prices include a 9% increase in Sky's family package.
The move has been followed by the dropping of the 3D channel.
BSkyB had been excluded from being a part of the ONdigital consortium.
The exclusion of BSkyB from the ONdigital consortium made BSkyB a competitor by default.
BSkyB was able to join ITV Digital's free-to-air replacement, Freeview.
BSkyB holds an equal stake in Freeview with the BBC.
BSkyB holds an equal stake in Freeview with ITV.
BSkyB holds an equal stake in Freeview with Channel 4.
BSkyB holds an equal stake in Freeview with National Grid Wireless.
Prior to October 2005, three BSkyB channels were available on this platform.
The three BSkyB channels were Sky News.
The three BSkyB channels were Sky Three.
The three BSkyB channels were Sky Sports News.
Initially BSkyB provided Sky Travel.
BSkyB is a company.
Sky Three was replaced on 31 October 2005.
Sky Three was later re-branded as 'Pick TV' in 2011.
BSkyB initially charged additional subscription fees for using a Sky+ PVR with the BSkyB service.
BSkyB waived the charge for subscribers whose package included two or more premium channels.
The change occurred on 1 July 2007.
Customers that have Sky+ and subscribe to any BSkyB subscription package receive Sky+ included at no extra charge.
Customers that do not subscribe to BSkyB's channels can still pay a monthly fee.
The monthly fee enables Sky+ functions.
In January 2010, BSkyB discontinued the Sky+ Box.
BSkyB limited the standard Sky Box to Multiroom upgrade only.
BSkyB started to issue the Sky+HD Box as standard.
BSkyB's actions gave all new subscribers the functions of Sky+.
In February 2011, BSkyB discontinued the non-HD variant of its Multiroom box.
BSkyB offered a smaller version of the SkyHD box.
The smaller version of the SkyHD box did not have Sky+ functionality.
Sky launched a new TV advertising campaign in September 2007.
The new TV advertising campaign targeted Sky+ at women.
As of 31 March 2008, Sky had 3,393,000 Sky+ users.
BSkyB utilises the VideoGuard pay-TV scrambling system.
The VideoGuard pay-TV scrambling system is owned by NDS.
NDS is a Cisco Systems company.
There are tight controls over the use of VideoGuard decoders.
VideoGuard decoders are not available as stand-alone DVB CAMs.
DVB CAMs are conditional-access modules.
BSkyB has design authority over all digital satellite receivers.
Digital satellite receivers are capable of receiving the service provided by BSkyB.
The receivers were designed and built by different manufacturers.
The receivers must conform to the same user interface look-and-feel as all the other receivers.
The extension applies to the Personal Video Recorder.
The Personal Video Recorder is branded as Sky+.
In 2007, BSkyB became involved in a dispute over the carriage of Sky channels on cable TV.
In 2007, Virgin Media became involved in a dispute over the carriage of Sky channels on cable TV.
The dispute was over the carriage of Sky channels on cable TV.
The failure to renew the existing carriage agreements resulted in Virgin Media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 March 2007.
The existing carriage agreements were negotiated with NTL.
The existing carriage agreements were negotiated with Telewest.
Virgin Media removed the basic channels from the network on 1 March 2007.
Virgin Media claimed that BSkyB had substantially increased the asking price for the channels.
BSkyB denied the claim made by Virgin Media.
BSkyB stated that their new deal offered substantially more value.
The new deal by BSkyB included HD channels.
The new deal by BSkyB included Video On Demand content.
Video On Demand content was not previously carried by cable.
In July 2013, the English High Court of Justice found that Microsoft’s use of the term 'SkyDrive' infringed on Sky’s right to the 'Sky' trademark.
Microsoft used the term 'SkyDrive'.
Sky has a right to the 'Sky' trademark.
On 31 July 2013, BSkyB and Microsoft announced their settlement.
Microsoft will not appeal the ruling.
Microsoft will rename its SkyDrive cloud storage service after an unspecified reasonable period of time.
The unspecified reasonable period of time will allow for an orderly transition to a new brand.
The settlement includes financial and other terms.
The details of the financial and other terms are confidential.
On 27 January 2014, Microsoft announced that SkyDrive will soon become OneDrive.
On 27 January 2014, Microsoft announced that SkyDrive Pro becomes OneDrive for Business.
The service started on 1 September 1993.
The idea for the service was from Sam Chisholm.
Sam Chisholm was the then chief executive officer.
The idea for the service was also from Rupert Murdoch.
The idea was to convert the company business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept.
The new package included four channels.
The four channels were formerly available free-to-air.
The four channels were broadcasting on Astra's satellites.
The new package introduced new channels.
The service continued until the closure of BSkyB's analogue service on 27 September 2001.
The closure of BSkyB's analogue service occurred due to the launch and expansion of the Sky Digital platform.
Some of the channels did broadcast either in the clear or soft encrypted.
A Videocrypt decoder was required to decode the soft encrypted channels.
A subscription card was not required to decode the soft encrypted channels.
The channels were broadcast prior to their addition to the Sky Multichannels package.
Within two months of the launch, BSkyB gained 400,000 new subscribers.
The majority of the new subscribers took at least one premium channel.
The new subscribers helped BSkyB reach a total of 3.
There were 5 million households by mid-1994.
Michael Grade criticized the operations in front of the Select Committee on National Heritage.
Michael Grade criticized the operations mainly for the lack of original programming on many of the new channels.
Sky UK Limited is a British telecommunications company.
Sky UK Limited was formerly known as British Sky Broadcasting.
Sky UK Limited was formerly known as BSkyB.
Sky UK Limited serves the United Kingdom.
Sky provides television services to consumers and businesses in the United Kingdom.
Sky provides broadband internet services to consumers and businesses in the United Kingdom.
Sky provides fixed line telephone services to consumers and businesses in the United Kingdom.
The UK's largest pay-TV broadcaster is Sky.
Sky had 11 million customers as of 2015.
The UK's most popular digital TV service existed until it was overtaken by Freeview in April 2007.
Freeview overtook the UK's most popular digital TV service in April 2007.
The corporate headquarters are based in Isleworth.
On 18 November 2015, Sky announced Sky Q.
Sky Q is a range of products and services.
Sky Q was announced to be available in 2016.
The Sky Q range consists of three set top boxes.
The three set top boxes are Sky Q, Sky Q Silver, and Sky Q Mini.
The Sky Q range consists of a broadband router.
The broadband router is Sky Q Hub.
The Sky Q range consists of mobile applications.
The Sky Q set top boxes introduce a new user interface.
The Sky Q set top boxes introduce Wi-Fi hotspot functionality.
The Sky Q set top boxes introduce Power-line connectivity.
The Sky Q set top boxes introduce Bluetooth connectivity.
The Sky Q set top boxes introduce a new touch-sensitive remote control.
The Sky Q Mini set top boxes connect to the Sky Q Silver set top boxes.
The connection between the Sky Q Mini set top boxes and the Sky Q Silver set top boxes is made with a Wi-Fi connection.
The connection between the Sky Q Mini set top boxes and the Sky Q Silver set top boxes is made with a Power-line connection.
The Sky Q Mini set top boxes do not receive their own satellite feeds.
The technology allows all set top boxes in a household to share recordings.
The technology allows all set top boxes in a household to share other media.
The Sky Q Silver set top box is capable of receiving UHD broadcasts.
The Sky Q Silver set top box is capable of displaying UHD broadcasts.
Sky will introduce UHD broadcasts later in 2016.
BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts are in DVB-compliant MPEG-2.
The Sky Movies channel includes optional Dolby Digital soundtracks for recent films.
The Sky Box Office channel includes optional Dolby Digital soundtracks for recent films.
The optional Dolby Digital soundtracks for recent films are only accessible with a Sky+ box.
Sky+ HD material is broadcast using MPEG-4.
Most of the HD material uses the DVB-S2 standard.
Interactive services use the proprietary OpenTV system.
The 7-day EPG uses the proprietary OpenTV system.
The proprietary OpenTV system is used with set-top boxes.
Set-top boxes include modems for a return path.
Sky News provides a pseudo-video on demand interactive service.
Sky News broadcasts looping video streams.
Sky News is one of several channels that provide this service.
Sky Digital was launched in 1998.
The new service used the Astra 2A satellite.
The Astra 2A satellite was located at the 28.
The 5°E orbital position is a specific location in space.
The analogue service was broadcast from 19.
More Astra satellites were subsequently launched.
Eutelsat's Eurobird 1 is now known as Eutelsat 33C.
Eutelsat 33C was launched at the orbital position of 28.
The company launched a new all-digital service called Sky.
The new all-digital service Sky has the potential to carry hundreds of television channels.
The new all-digital service Sky has the potential to carry hundreds of radio channels.
The old position was shared with broadcasters from several European countries.
The new position is at 28.
5°E came to be used for channels that broadcast to the United Kingdom.
5°E was used almost exclusively for channels that broadcast to the United Kingdom.
BSkyB launched its HDTV service.
The name of the HDTV service is Sky+ HD.
BSkyB launched Sky+ HD on 22 May 2006.
Prior to its launch, BSkyB claimed a statistic.
BSkyB claimed that 40,000 people had registered to receive the HD service.
In the week before the launch, rumours started to surface.
The rumours suggested that BSkyB was having supply issues.
BSkyB was having supply issues with its set top box.
The set top box was manufactured by Thomson.
On Thursday 18 May 2006, people were reporting that BSkyB had either cancelled its installation.
On Thursday 18 May 2006, people were reporting that BSkyB had rescheduled its installation.
The reporting continued through the weekend before launch.
The BBC reported that 17,000 customers had yet to receive the service.
The service was not received by 17,000 customers due to failed deliveries.
On 31 March 2012, Sky announced the total number of homes with Sky+HD.
The total number of homes with Sky+HD was 4,222,000.
On 8 February 2007, BSkyB announced its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels.
BSkyB intends to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels.
It was proposed that these channels would offer a range of content from the BSkyB portfolio.
The range of content from the BSkyB portfolio includes sport.
The sport content includes English Premier League Football.
The range of content from the BSkyB portfolio includes films.
The range of content from the BSkyB portfolio includes entertainment.
The range of content from the BSkyB portfolio includes news.
The announcement came a day after Setanta Sports confirmed that Setanta Sports would launch in March.
Setanta Sports would launch as a subscription service on the digital terrestrial platform.
The announcement came on the same day that NTL's services re-branded as Virgin Media.
NTL's services re-branded as Virgin Media.
Industry sources believe that BSkyB will be forced to shelve plans to withdraw its channels from Freeview.
BSkyB plans to replace its channels from Freeview with subscription channels.
The possible reason for BSkyB shelving its plans is due to possible lost advertising revenue.
A universal Ku band LNB is provided.
75 divided by 10 equals 7.5.
600 GHz is a frequency.
The frequency of 600 GHz is fitted at the end of the dish.
The dish is pointed at the correct satellite constellation.
Most digital receivers will receive the free to air channels.
Some broadcasts are free-to-air.
Some broadcasts are unencrypted.
Some broadcasts are encrypted but do not require a monthly subscription.
The broadcasts that are encrypted but do not require a monthly subscription are known as free-to-view.
Some broadcasts are encrypted and require a monthly subscription.
Some broadcasts are pay-per-view services.
To view the encrypted content, a VideoGuard UK equipped receiver needs to be used.
All VideoGuard UK equipped receivers are dedicated to the Sky service.
VideoGuard UK equipped receivers cannot be used to decrypt other services.
Unofficial CAMs are now available to view the service.
The use of unofficial CAMs breaks the user's contract with Sky.
The use of unofficial CAMs invalidates the user's rights to use the card.
In the autumn of 1991, talks were held for the broadcast rights for the Premier League.
The broadcast rights for the Premier League were for a five-year period.
The five-year period started from the 1992 season.
ITV was the current rights holder.
ITV fought hard to retain the new rights.
ITV had increased its offer from £18m to £34m per year.
The purpose of ITV's increased offer was to keep control of the rights.
BSkyB joined forces with the BBC.
BSkyB and the BBC made a counter bid.
The BBC was given the highlights of most of the matches.
BSkyB paid £304 million for the Premier League rights.
The payment of £304 million for the Premier League rights would give BSkyB a monopoly of all live matches.
BSkyB would have up to 60 live matches per year from the 1992 season.
Murdoch described sport as a 'battering ram' for pay-television.
Sport provides a strong customer base for pay-television.
A few weeks after the deal, ITV went to the High Court.
ITV sought an injunction.
ITV believed that their bid details had been leaked before the decision was taken.
ITV asked the Office of Fair Trading to investigate.
ITV believed that Rupert Murdoch's media empire had influenced the deal.
Rupert Murdoch's media empire operated via its newspapers.
A few days later, neither action took effect.
ITV believed that BSkyB was telephoned.
BSkyB was informed of its £262m bid.
The Premier League advised BSkyB to increase its counter bid.
BSkyB has no veto over the presence of channels on the electronic program guide (EPG).
Open access is an enforced part of BSkyB's operating licence from Ofcom.
Ofcom is the regulatory authority that enforces the operating licence for BSkyB.
Any channel can get carriage on a suitable beam of a satellite at 28° East.
Any channel that can get carriage on a suitable beam of a satellite at 28° East is entitled to access to BSkyB's EPG for a fee.
The fee for access to BSkyB's EPG ranges from £15 to £100,000.
Third-party channels which opt for encryption receive discounts.
The discounts for third-party channels range from reduced price to free EPG entries.
Third-party channels may receive free carriage on a BSkyB leased transponder.
Third-party channels may receive actual payment for being carried.
BSkyB does not carry any control over the channel's content.
BSkyB does not carry any control over carriage issues such as picture quality.
BSkyB's digital service was officially launched on 1 October 1998.
The name of the digital service is Sky Digital.
Small-scale tests were carried out before the official launch of the digital service.
At this time, the use of the Sky Digital brand made an important distinction between the new service and Sky's analogue services.
The Sky Digital brand was used to make an important distinction.
The new service was distinct from Sky's analogue services.
Key selling points included an improvement in picture quality.
Key selling points included an improvement in sound quality.
Key selling points included an increased number of channels.
Key selling points included an interactive service branded Open.
BSkyB is now called Sky Active.
BSkyB competed with ONdigital.
ONdigital was later called ITV Digital.
BSkyB competed with the terrestrial offering of ONdigital.
BSkyB competed with cable services.
Within 30 days, over 100,000 digiboxes had been sold.
The sales of over 100,000 digiboxes helped bolster BSkyB's decision to give away free digiboxes and minidishes.
BSkyB made the decision to give away free digiboxes and minidishes from May 1999.
Virgin Media was re-branded in 2007 from NTL:Telewest.
Virgin Media started to offer a high-definition television capable set top box.
From 30 November 2006 until 30 July 2009, Virgin Media only carried one linear HD channel.
The one linear HD channel carried by Virgin Media was BBC HD.
The conclusion of the ITV HD trial occurred before Virgin Media started to offer the high-definition television capable set top box.
Virgin Media has claimed that other HD channels were locked up or otherwise withheld from Virgin Media's platform.
Virgin Media did have an option to carry Channel 4 HD in the future.
The linear channels were not offered by Virgin Media.
Virgin Media concentrated on its Video On Demand service.
The Video On Demand service carried a modest selection of HD content.
Virgin Media has made a number of statements over the years.
The statements made by Virgin Media suggest that more linear HD channels are on the way.
BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service became available in 10 million homes in 2010.
BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service was Europe's first pay-TV platform to achieve the milestone of 10 million homes.
The broadcaster confirmed that it had reached its target.
The broadcaster stated that its reach into 36% of households in the UK represented an audience of more than 25 million people.
The target was first announced in August 2004.
An additional 2 has been added since the announcement of the target.
4 million customers had subscribed to BSkyB's direct-to-home service.
Media commentators had debated whether the figure could be reached.
The growth in subscriber numbers elsewhere in Europe flattened.
The Daily Mail newspaper reported in 2012.
The UK government's benefits agency was checking claimants' Sky TV bills.
The purpose of checking claimants' Sky TV bills was to establish if a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother is wrongly claiming to be living alone.
The UK government's benefits agency claimed that subscription to sports channels would betray a man's presence in the household.
In December, the UK’s parliament heard a claim.
The claim stated that a subscription to BSkyB was 'often damaging'.
The claim also included alcohol as 'often damaging'.
The claim also included tobacco as 'often damaging'.
The claim also included gambling as 'often damaging'.
Alec Shelbrooke is a Conservative MP.
Alec Shelbrooke was proposing the payments of benefits and tax credits on a 'Welfare Cash Card'.
The 'Welfare Cash Card' is in the style of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
The 'Welfare Cash Card' could be used to buy only 'essentials'.
The agreements include fixed annual carriage fees of £30 million for the channels.
Both channel suppliers are able to secure additional capped payments.
The additional capped payments are contingent on the channels meeting certain performance-related targets.
Currently, there is no indication regarding the new deal.
The new deal may include additional Video On Demand content.
The new deal may include High Definition content.
Additional Video On Demand content had previously been offered by BSkyB.
High Definition content had previously been offered by BSkyB.
BSkyB agreed to terminate all High Court proceedings against Virgin Media.
Virgin Media agreed to terminate all High Court proceedings against BSkyB.
The High Court proceedings relate to the carriage of their respective basic channels.
The economy of Victoria is highly diversified.
Service sectors constitute the majority of employment in Victoria.
The service sectors include financial services.
The service sectors include property services.
The service sectors include health services.
The service sectors include education services.
The service sectors include wholesale services.
The service sectors include retail services.
The service sectors include hospitality services.
The service sectors include manufacturing services.
Victoria's total gross state product is ranked second in Australia.
Victoria is ranked fourth in terms of gross state product per capita.
Victoria has limited mining activity.
Melbourne is home to a number of museums.
Melbourne is home to a number of art galleries.
Melbourne is home to a number of theatres.
Melbourne is described as the sporting capital of Australia.
The Melbourne Cricket Ground is the largest stadium in Australia.
The Melbourne Cricket Ground was the host of the 1956 Summer Olympics.
The Melbourne Cricket Ground was the host of the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
The ground is considered the spiritual home of Australian cricket.
The ground is considered the spiritual home of Australian rules football.
The ground hosts the grand final of the Australian Football League each year.
The grand final of the Australian Football League usually draws crowds of over 95,000 people.
Victoria includes eight public universities.
The University of Melbourne is the oldest public university in Victoria.
The University of Melbourne was founded in 1853.
Immigrants arrived from all over the world to search for gold.
Immigrants especially arrived from Ireland to search for gold.
Immigrants especially arrived from China to search for gold.
Many Chinese miners worked in Victoria.
The legacy of Chinese miners is particularly strong in Bendigo.
The legacy of Chinese miners is particularly strong in the environs of Bendigo.
There was some racism directed at the group.
There was not the level of anti-Chinese violence that was seen at the Lambing Flat riots in New South Wales.
The Lambing Flat riots occurred in New South Wales.
There was a riot at Buckland Valley in 1857.
Buckland Valley is located near Bright.
Conditions on the gold fields were cramped.
Conditions on the gold fields were unsanitary.
An outbreak of typhoid occurred at Buckland Valley in 1854.
The outbreak of typhoid killed over 1,000 miners.
The Victorian Legislative Council elections were held in November 2006.
The elections were held under a new multi-member proportional representation system.
The State of Victoria was divided into eight electorates.
Each electorate was represented by five representatives.
The representatives were elected by Single Transferable Vote.
The total number of upper house members was reduced from 44 to 40.
The term of office for upper house members is now the same as the term of office for lower house members.
The term of office for upper house members is four years.
The term of office for lower house members is four years.
Elections for the Victorian Parliament are now fixed.
Elections for the Victorian Parliament occur in November every four years.
Prior to the 2006 election, the Legislative Council consisted of 44 members.
The members of the Legislative Council were elected to eight-year terms.
The members of the Legislative Council were elected from 22 two-member electorates.
The Australian Labor Party is a centre-left political party in Australia.
The Liberal Party of Australia is a centre-right political party.
The National Party of Australia is a rural-based political party.
The Australian Greens is an environmentalist political party.
The Australian Labor Party, the Liberal Party of Australia, the National Party of Australia, and the Australian Greens are Victoria's main political parties.
Traditionally, the Labor party is strongest in Melbourne's working class western suburbs.
Traditionally, the Labor party is strongest in Melbourne's working class northern suburbs.
Traditionally, the Labor party is strongest in the regional city of Ballarat.
Traditionally, the Labor party is strongest in the regional city of Bendigo.
Traditionally, the Labor party is strongest in the regional city of Geelong.
The Liberals' main support lies in Melbourne's more affluent eastern suburbs.
The Liberals' main support lies in Melbourne's more affluent outer suburbs.
The Liberals' main support lies in some rural centres.
The Liberals' main support lies in some regional centres.
The Nationals are strongest in Victoria's North Western rural regional areas.
The Nationals are strongest in Victoria's Eastern rural regional areas.
The Greens won their first lower house seats in 2014.
The Greens are strongest in inner Melbourne.
The number is approximately 61.
1% of Victorians describe themselves as Christian.
Roman Catholics form the single largest religious group in the state.
The number of Roman Catholics in the state is 26.
7% of the Victorian population is a demographic statistic.
Anglicans are a religious group.
Members of the Uniting Church are a religious group.
Buddhism is the state's largest non-Christian religion.
Buddhism has 168,637 members as of the most recent census.
Victoria is home to 152,775 Muslims.
Victoria is home to 45,150 Jews.
Hinduism is a religion.
Hinduism is the fastest growing religion.
Around 20% of Victorians claim no religion.
Amongst those who declare a religious affiliation, church attendance is low.
Victoria is a state in the south-east of Australia.
Victoria is abbreviated as Vic.
Victoria is Australia's most densely populated state.
Victoria is Australia's second-most populous state overall.
Most of the population of the entity is concentrated in the area surrounding Port Phillip Bay.
The area surrounding Port Phillip Bay includes the metropolitan area of the capital and largest city.
Melbourne is the capital and largest city of the entity.
Melbourne is Australia's second-largest city.
Victoria is the geographically smallest state on the Australian mainland.
Victoria is bordered by Bass Strait to the south.
Victoria is bordered by Tasmania to the south.
Victoria is bordered by New South Wales to the north.
Victoria is bordered by the Tasman Sea to the east.
Victoria is bordered by South Australia to the west.
Prior to European settlement, the area now constituting Victoria was inhabited by a large number of Aboriginal peoples.
The Aboriginal peoples were collectively known as the Koori.
Great Britain claimed the entire Australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788.
Victoria was included in the wider colony of New South Wales.
The first settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at Sullivan Bay.
Much of what is now Victoria was included in the Port Phillip District in 1836.
The Port Phillip District was an administrative division of New South Wales.
Victoria was officially created a separate colony in 1851.
Victoria achieved self-government in 1855.
The Victorian gold rush occurred in the 1850s and 1860s.
The Victorian gold rush significantly increased the population of the colony.
The Victorian gold rush significantly increased the wealth of the colony.
By the Federation of Australia in 1901, Melbourne had become the largest city in Australasia.
By the Federation of Australia in 1901, Melbourne had become the leading financial centre in Australasia.
Melbourne served as the capital of Australia until the construction of Canberra in 1927.
The Federal Parliament met in Melbourne's Parliament House.
All principal offices of the federal government were based in Melbourne.
More than 26,000 square kilometres of Victorian farmland are sown for grain.
More than 10,000 square miles of Victorian farmland are sown for grain.
Most of the Victorian farmland sown for grain is located in the state's west.
More than 50% of this area is sown for wheat.
33% of this area is sown for barley.
7% of this area is sown for oats.
A further 6,000 square kilometres is sown for hay.
6,000 square kilometres is equivalent to 2,300 square miles.
In 2003–04, Victorian farmers produced more than 3 million tonnes of wheat.
In 2003–04, Victorian farmers produced 2 million tonnes of barley.
Victorian farms produce nearly 90% of Australian pears.
Victorian farms produce one third of Australian apples.
The entity is a leader in stone fruit production.
The main vegetable crops include asparagus.
The main vegetable crops include broccoli.
The main vegetable crops include carrots.
The main vegetable crops include potatoes.
The main vegetable crops include tomatoes.
Last year, 121,200 tonnes of pears were produced.
Last year, 270,000 tonnes of tomatoes were produced.
Victoria has a written constitution.
The written constitution of Victoria was enacted in 1975.
The written constitution of Victoria is based on the 1855 colonial constitution.
The 1855 colonial constitution was passed by the United Kingdom Parliament.
The 1855 colonial constitution is known as the Victoria Constitution Act 1855.
The Victoria Constitution Act 1855 establishes the Parliament as the law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility.
The Victorian Constitution can be amended by the Parliament of Victoria.
Certain provisions of the Victorian Constitution are considered 'entrenched' provisions.
Entrenched provisions require either an absolute majority in both houses of the Parliament of Victoria.
Entrenched provisions require a three-fifths majority in both houses of the Parliament of Victoria.
Entrenched provisions require the approval of the Victorian people in a referendum.
The requirement for amending entrenched provisions depends on the specific provision.
The Mallee is one of Victoria's warmest regions.
The upper Wimmera is one of Victoria's warmest regions.
Hot winds blow from nearby semi-deserts.
Average temperatures exceed 32 °C during summer.
Average temperatures exceed 90 °F during summer.
Average temperatures exceed 15 °C in winter.
Average temperatures exceed 59 °F in winter.
Except at cool mountain elevations, the inland monthly temperatures are warmer than around Melbourne.
The inland monthly temperatures are 2–7 °C warmer than around Melbourne.
The inland monthly temperatures are 4–13 °F warmer than around Melbourne.
Victoria's highest maximum temperature since World War II is 48 degrees.
8 °C is a temperature measurement.
8 °C is equivalent to 119 in an unspecified scale.
8 °F was recorded in Hopetoun on 7 February 2009.
The recording occurred during the 2009 southeastern Australia heat wave.
Victorian schools are publicly funded.
Victorian schools are privately funded.
Public schools are also known as state schools.
Public schools are also known as government schools.
Public schools are funded by the Victoria Department of Education.
Public schools are run directly by the Victoria Department of Education.
Students do not pay tuition fees.
Some extra costs are levied on students.
Private fee-paying schools include parish schools.
Parish schools are run by the Roman Catholic Church.
Private fee-paying schools include independent schools.
Independent schools are similar to British public schools.
Independent schools are usually affiliated with Protestant churches.
Victoria has several private Jewish primary schools.
Victoria has several private Jewish secondary schools.
Victoria has several private Islamic primary schools.
Victoria has several private Islamic secondary schools.
Private schools receive some public funding.
All schools must comply with curriculum standards.
The curriculum standards are set by the government.
Victoria has four government selective schools.
Melbourne High School is a school for boys.
MacRobertson Girls' High School is a school for girls.
John Monash Science School is a coeducational school.
Nossal High School is a coeducational school.
Suzanne Cory High School is a coeducational school.
The Victorian College of the Arts Secondary School is a school.
Students at these schools are exclusively admitted.
The admission is based on an academic selective entry test.
Historically, Victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands Ford, Toyota, and Holden.
Closure announcements have been made by all three companies in the 21st century.
The closure announcements will mean that Australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry.
Toyota made a statement in February 2014.
Toyota's statement outlined a closure year of 2017.
Holden's announcement occurred in May 2013.
Ford's decision occurred in December 2013.
Ford's Victorian plants are located in Broadmeadows and Geelong.
Ford's Victorian plants will close in October 2016.
Victoria contains many topographically diverse areas.
Victoria contains many geologically diverse areas.
Victoria contains many climatically diverse areas.
Gippsland is located in the southeast of Victoria.
Gippsland has a wet, temperate climate.
The Victorian alpine areas are snow-covered.
The Victorian alpine areas rise to almost 2,000 m (6,600 ft).
Mount Bogong is the highest peak in Victoria.
Mount Bogong has an elevation of 1,986 m (6,516 ft).
There are extensive semi-arid plains to the west.
There are extensive semi-arid plains to the northwest.
There is an extensive series of river systems in Victoria.
The Murray River system is the most notable.
Other rivers include Ovens River.
Other rivers include Goulburn River.
Other rivers include Patterson River.
Other rivers include King River.
Other rivers include Campaspe River.
Other rivers include Loddon River.
Other rivers include Wimmera River.
Other rivers include Elgin River.
Other rivers include Barwon River.
Other rivers include Thomson River.
Other rivers include Snowy River.
Other rivers include Latrobe River.
Other rivers include Yarra River.
Other rivers include Maribyrnong River.
Other rivers include Mitta River.
Other rivers include Hopkins River.
Other rivers include Merri River.
Other rivers include Kiewa River.
The state symbols include the pink heath.
The pink heath is the state flower.
The state symbols include Leadbeater's possum.
Leadbeater's possum is the state animal.
The state symbols include the helmeted honeyeater.
The helmeted honeyeater is the state bird.
The Victorian Alps are located in the northeast of Victoria.
The Victorian Alps are the coldest part of Victoria.
The Alps are part of the Great Dividing Range mountain system.
The Great Dividing Range mountain system extends east-west through the centre of Victoria.
Average temperatures are less than 9 °C in winter.
Average temperatures are less than 48 °F in winter.
Average temperatures are below 0 °C in the highest parts of the ranges.
Average temperatures are below 32 °F in the highest parts of the ranges.
The state's lowest minimum temperature is −11.
7 °C is a temperature measurement.
7 °C is equivalent to 10 in a different temperature scale.
9 °F was recorded at Omeo on 13 June 1965.
9 °F was recorded at Falls Creek on 3 July 1970.
Temperature extremes for the state are listed in the table below.
Rail transport in Victoria is provided by several private railway operators.
Rail transport in Victoria is provided by several public railway operators.
Several private and public railway operators operate over government-owned lines.
Metro Trains Melbourne is a major operator.
Metro Trains Melbourne runs an extensive, electrified, passenger system throughout Melbourne and suburbs.
V/Line is a major operator.
V/Line is now owned by the Victorian Government.
V/Line operates a concentrated service to major regional centres.
V/Line operates long distance services on other lines.
Pacific National is a major operator.
CFCL Australia is a major operator.
Pacific National and CFCL Australia operate freight services.
Great Southern Rail is a major operator.
Great Southern Rail operates The Overland service between Melbourne and Adelaide.
NSW TrainLink is a major operator.
NSW TrainLink operates XPT services between Melbourne and Sydney.
Victoria has 37 seats in the Australian House of Representatives.
Victoria has 12 seats in the Australian Senate.
At state level, the Parliament of Victoria consists of two houses.
The Legislative Assembly is the lower house of the Parliament of Victoria.
The Legislative Council is the upper house of the Parliament of Victoria.
Victoria is currently governed by the Labor Party.
Daniel Andrews is the current Premier of Victoria.
The personal representative of the Queen of Australia in the state is the Governor of Victoria.
The current Governor of Victoria is Linda Dessau.
Local government is concentrated in 79 municipal districts.
The 79 municipal districts include 33 cities.
A number of unincorporated areas still exist.
The unincorporated areas are administered directly by the state.
On 1 July 1851, writs were issued for the election of the first Victorian Legislative Council.
The absolute independence of Victoria from New South Wales was established.
The establishment of the absolute independence of Victoria proclaimed a new Colony of Victoria.
Gold was discovered near Ballarat in 1851.
Gold was discovered subsequently at Bendigo.
Later discoveries occurred at many sites.
The sites were located across Victoria.
An event triggered one of the largest gold rushes.
The gold rush was one of the largest the world has ever seen.
The colony grew rapidly in population.
The colony grew rapidly in economic power.
In ten years, the population of Victoria increased sevenfold.
The initial population of Victoria was 76,000.
The final population of Victoria was 540,000.
All sorts of gold records were produced.
The 'richest shallow alluvial goldfield in the world' is one of the gold records produced.
The largest gold nugget is one of the gold records produced.
Victoria produced 20 million ounces of gold in the decade 1851–1860.
20 million ounces of gold was one third of the world's output.
As of August 2010, Victoria had 1,548 public schools.
As of August 2010, Victoria had 489 Catholic schools.
As of August 2010, Victoria had 214 independent schools.
Just under 540,800 students were enrolled in public schools.
Just over 311,800 students were enrolled in private schools.
Over 61 per cent of private students attend Catholic schools.
More than 462,000 students were enrolled in primary schools.
More than 390,000 students were enrolled in secondary schools.
The retention rate for public school students for the final two years of secondary school was 77 per cent.
The retention rate for private school students for the final two years of secondary school was 90 per cent.
Victoria has about 63,519 full-time teachers.
Victoria is the centre of dairy farming in Australia.
The region is home to 60% of Australia's 3 million dairy cattle.
The region produces nearly two-thirds of the nation's milk.
The total number of dairy cattle in Australia is 3 million.
The amount of milk produced by the region is nearly two-thirds of the total milk production in Australia.
4 billion litres is a measurement of volume.
The state has 2.
There are 4 million beef cattle.
The number of beef cattle is more than 2.
2 million cattle are slaughtered each year.
2 million calves are slaughtered each year.
In 2003–04, Victorian commercial fishing crews produced 11,634 tonnes of seafood.
In 2003–04, the aquaculture industry produced 11,634 tonnes of seafood.
The seafood produced by Victorian commercial fishing crews and the aquaculture industry was valued at nearly A$109 million.
Blacklipped abalone is the mainstay of the catch.
Blacklipped abalone brings in A$46 million.
Southern rock lobster is the second in the catch.
Southern rock lobster is worth A$13 million.
The quantity is seven million.
Most abalone is exported to Asia.
Most rock lobster is exported to Asia.
There are several smaller freight operators.
There are numerous tourist railways.
The tourist railways operate over lines.
The lines were once parts of a state-owned system.
Victorian lines mainly use a broad gauge.
The broad gauge used by Victorian lines is 1,600 mm.
1,600 mm is equivalent to 5 ft 3 in.
The interstate trunk routes have been converted to 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in) standard gauge.
A number of branch lines in the west of the state have been converted to 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in) standard gauge.
Two tourist railways operate over 760 mm narrow gauge lines.
The narrow gauge lines are 2 ft 6 in wide.
The narrow gauge lines are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines.
The five formerly government-owned lines were built in mountainous areas.
The colony of New South Wales was founded in 1788.
Australia was divided into an eastern half named New South Wales.
Australia was divided into a western half named New Holland.
The colonial government in Sydney administered New South Wales and New Holland.
The first European settlement in the area later known as Victoria was established in October 1803.
The settlement was established under Lieutenant-Governor David Collins.
The settlement was located at Sullivan Bay on Port Phillip.
The group consisted of 402 people.
The group included 5 Government officials.
The group included 9 officers of marines.
The group included 2 drummers.
The group included 39 privates.
The group included 5 soldiers' wives.
The group included 1 child.
The group included 307 convicts.
The group included 17 convicts' wives.
The group included 7 children.
They had been sent from England in HMS Calcutta.
HMS Calcutta was under the command of Captain Daniel Woodriff.
They were sent principally out of fear that the French might establish their own settlement.
The French had been exploring the area.
The establishment of a French settlement might challenge British rights to the continent.
In 1854, there was an armed rebellion at Ballarat.
The armed rebellion was against the government of Victoria.
The armed rebellion was conducted by miners.
The miners were protesting against mining taxes.
The armed rebellion is known as the 'Eureka Stockade'.
The discontents prompted colonial authorities to reform the administration.
The colonial authorities particularly reduced the hated mining licence fees.
The colonial authorities extended the franchise.
British troops crushed the discontents.
The Imperial Parliament granted Victoria responsible government.
The grant of responsible government occurred within a short time.
The passage of the Colony of Victoria Act 1855 facilitated the grant of responsible government to Victoria.
Some of the leaders of the Eureka rebellion went on to become members of the Victorian Parliament.
The Eureka rebellion had leaders.
The Premier of Victoria is the leader of a political party or coalition.
The political party or coalition has the most seats in the Legislative Assembly.
The Premier is the public face of government.
The Premier, along with the cabinet, sets the legislative agenda.
The Premier, along with the cabinet, sets the political agenda.
The Cabinet consists of representatives.
The representatives are elected to either house of parliament.
The entity is responsible for managing areas of government.
The areas of government are not exclusively the Commonwealth's.
The management of areas of government is defined by the Australian Constitution.
The areas of government include education.
The areas of government include health.
The areas of government include law enforcement.
The current Premier of Victoria is Daniel Andrews.
Daniel Andrews is the current Premier of Victoria.
During 2003–04, the gross value of Victorian agricultural production increased by 17%.
The gross value of Victorian agricultural production reached $8.
The number seven billion represents a quantity.
Seven billion is equivalent to 7,000,000,000.
The figure represented 24% of the total gross value of national agricultural production.
As of 2004, an estimated 32,463 farms occupied Victorian land.
The area of Victorian land occupied by the farms is around 136,000 square kilometres.
The area of Victorian land occupied by the farms is approximately 52,500 square miles.
More than 60% of the state's total land surface is comprised of a specific area.
Victorian farms range from small horticultural outfits.
Victorian farms range to large-scale livestock productions.
Victorian farms range to large-scale grain productions.
A quarter of farmland is used to grow consumable crops.
Major events play a big part in tourism in Victoria.
Major events particularly influence cultural tourism in Victoria.
Major events particularly influence sports tourism in Victoria.
Most of these events are centred on Melbourne.
Other events occur in regional cities.
The V8 Supercars occur at Phillip Island.
The Australian Motorcycle Grand Prix occurs at Phillip Island.
The Grand Annual Steeplechase occurs at Warrnambool.
The Australian International Airshow occurs at Geelong.
Numerous local festivals occur in regional cities.
The Port Fairy Folk Festival is a popular local festival.
The Queenscliff Music Festival is a local festival.
The Bells Beach Surf Classic is a local festival.
The Bright Autumn Festival is a local festival.
Huguenot numbers peaked near an estimated two million by 1562.
Huguenots were concentrated mainly in the southern and central parts of France.
The number of Huguenots was about one-eighth the number of French Catholics.
Huguenots gained influence.
Huguenots more openly displayed their faith.
Catholic hostility grew.
Catholic hostility grew in spite of increasingly liberal political concessions from the French crown.
Catholic hostility grew in spite of edicts of toleration from the French crown.
The French crown issued increasingly liberal political concessions.
The French crown issued edicts of toleration.
A series of religious conflicts followed.
The series of religious conflicts is known as the Wars of Religion.
The Wars of Religion were fought intermittently from 1562 to 1598.
The wars finally ended with the granting of the Edict of Nantes.
The Edict of Nantes granted the Huguenots substantial religious autonomy.
The Edict of Nantes granted the Huguenots substantial political autonomy.
The Edict of Nantes granted the Huguenots substantial military autonomy.
The term Huguenot was used originally in derision.
The origins of the term Huguenot are unclear.
Various hypotheses have been promoted.
The nickname may have been a combined reference to the Swiss politician Besançon Hugues.
Besançon Hugues died in 1532.
The nickname may have referenced the religiously conflicted nature of Swiss republicanism in the time of Besançon Hugues.
The nickname used a clever derogatory pun on the name Hugues.
The pun was made by way of the Dutch word Huisgenoten.
The Dutch word Huisgenoten literally means housemates.
The pun refers to the connotations of a somewhat related word in German Eidgenosse.
The German word Eidgenosse means Confederates as in 'a citizen of one of the states of the Swiss Confederacy'.
Geneva was John Calvin's adopted home.
Geneva was the centre of the Calvinist movement.
Hugues was a leader of the Confederate Party in Geneva.
Hugues was Catholic.
The Confederate Party is so called because it favoured independence from the Duke of Savoy.
The Confederate Party favoured an alliance between the city-state of Geneva and the Swiss Confederation.
The label Huguenot was purportedly first applied in France to conspirators involved in the Amboise plot of 1560.
All of the conspirators were aristocratic members of the Reformed Church.
The Amboise plot of 1560 was a foiled attempt to wrest power in France from the influential House of Guise.
The move would have had a side effect.
The side effect of the move was fostering relations with the Swiss.
The Swiss are a group of people from Switzerland.
Hugues plus Eidgenosse supposedly became Huguenot.
Huguenot is a nickname.
The nickname Huguenot associates the Protestant cause with politics.
The politics associated with the Protestant cause were unpopular in France.
The availability of the Bible in vernacular languages was important to the spread of the Protestant movement.
The availability of the Bible in vernacular languages was important to the development of the Reformed church in France.
The country had a long history of struggles with the papacy.
The Protestant Reformation finally arrived.
Around 1294, a French version of the Scriptures was prepared.
The French version of the Scriptures was prepared by Guyard de Moulin.
Guyard de Moulin was a Roman Catholic priest.
A two-volume illustrated folio paraphrase version was printed in Paris in 1487.
The two-volume illustrated folio paraphrase version was based on his manuscript.
Jean de Rély was the author of the two-volume illustrated folio paraphrase version.
Montpellier was among the most important of the 66 villes de sûreté.
The Edict of 1598 granted the villes de sûreté to the Huguenots.
The city's political institutions were handed over to the Huguenots.
The university was handed over to the Huguenots.
Tension with Paris led to a siege by the royal army in 1622.
The royal army conducted a siege in 1622.
The peace terms called for the dismantling of the city's fortifications.
A royal citadel was built.
The university was taken over by the Catholic party.
The consulate was taken over by the Catholic party.
Even before the Edict of Alès, Protestant rule was dead.
The ville de sûreté was no more.
The Edict of Alès was issued in 1629.
Individual Huguenots settled at the Cape of Good Hope from as early as 1671.
François Villion was one of the individuals who arrived at the Cape of Good Hope.
The first Huguenot to arrive at the Cape of Good Hope was Maria de la Queillerie.
Maria de la Queillerie was the wife of commander Jan van Riebeeck.
Maria de la Queillerie was the daughter of a Walloon church minister.
Maria de la Queillerie arrived on 6 April 1652.
Maria de la Queillerie arrived to establish a settlement at what is today Cape Town.
The couple left for the Far East.
The couple left for the Far East ten years later.
On 31 December 1687, the first organised group of Huguenots set sail from the Netherlands.
The first organised group of Huguenots set sail to the Dutch East India Company post at the Cape of Good Hope.
The Dutch East India Company post is located at the Cape of Good Hope.
The largest portion of the Huguenots to settle in the Cape arrived between 1688 and 1689.
The largest portion of the Huguenots arrived in seven ships.
The arrival of the largest portion of the Huguenots was part of the organised migration.
Quite a few Huguenots arrived as late as 1700.
After 1700, the numbers of Huguenots declined.
Only small groups of Huguenots arrived at a time after 1700.
The government barred Huguenots from settling in New France.
Huguenots were led by Jessé de Forest.
Huguenots sailed to North America in 1624.
Huguenots settled in the Dutch colony of New Netherland.
New Netherland was later incorporated into New York and New Jersey.
Huguenots also settled in Great Britain's colonies.
Great Britain's colonies included Nova Scotia.
A number of families in New Amsterdam were of Huguenot origin.
Many of the families emigrated as refugees to the Netherlands in the previous century.
In 1628, the Huguenots established a congregation.
The congregation was named L'Église française à la Nouvelle-Amsterdam.
L'Église française à la Nouvelle-Amsterdam is the French church in New Amsterdam.
This parish continues today as L'Eglise du Saint-Esprit.
L'Eglise du Saint-Esprit is part of the Episcopal communion.
L'Eglise du Saint-Esprit is part of the Anglican communion.
L'Eglise du Saint-Esprit welcomes Francophone New Yorkers from all over the world.
Upon their arrival in New Amsterdam, Huguenots were offered land directly across from Manhattan on Long Island for a permanent settlement.
Huguenots chose the harbor at the end of Newtown Creek.
Huguenots became the first Europeans to live in Brooklyn.
Brooklyn was then known as Boschwick.
The neighborhood is now known as Bushwick.
In the early years, many Huguenots settled in the area of present-day Charleston.
Charleston is located in South Carolina.
In 1685, Rev is a reference to a specific year.
Rev is likely an abbreviation for Reverend, indicating a title for a clergy member.
Elie Prioleau was from the town of Pons in France.
Elie Prioleau was among the first to settle in the town of Pons.
He became the pastor of the first Huguenot church in North America.
The first Huguenot church in North America is located in that city.
The Revocation of the Edict of Nantes occurred in 1685.
Several Huguenot families of Norman and Carolingian nobility and descent immigrated to the Charleston Orange district.
Edmund Bohun was from Suffolk, England.
Edmund Bohun descended from the Humphrey de Bohun line of French royalty.
The Humphrey de Bohun line of French royalty descended from Charlemagne.
Jean Postell was from Dieppe, France.
Alexander Pepin was a Huguenot.
Antoine Poitevin was from Orsement, France.
Jacques de Bordeaux was from Grenoble.
They were very successful at marriage.
They were very successful at property speculation.
In 1697, individuals petitioned the British Crown for the right to own land in the Baronies.
The individuals prospered as slave owners on the Cooper River plantations.
The individuals prospered as slave owners on the Ashepoo River plantations.
The individuals prospered as slave owners on the Ashley River plantations.
The individuals prospered as slave owners on the Santee River plantations.
The individuals purchased the plantations from Edmund Bellinger.
Edmund Bellinger was a British Landgrave.
Some of the descendants of the unnamed group moved into the Deep South.
Some of the descendants of the unnamed group moved into Texas.
The descendants developed new plantations in the Deep South.
The descendants developed new plantations in Texas.
Stadtholder William III of Orange emerged as the strongest opponent of King Louis XIV.
William III of Orange later became King of England.
The French attacked the Dutch Republic in 1672.
William formed the League of Augsburg.
The League of Augsburg was a coalition.
The purpose of the League of Augsburg was to oppose Louis.
The League of Augsburg was formed to oppose the French state.
Many Huguenots considered the wealthy Dutch Republic as the most attractive country for exile after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes.
The Dutch Republic was Calvinist.
The Dutch Republic led the opposition to Louis XIV.
The Edict of Nantes was revoked.
Many French-speaking Calvinist churches were found in that location.
Renewed religious warfare occurred in the 1620s.
The renewed religious warfare caused the political and military privileges of the Huguenots to be abolished.
The political and military privileges of the Huguenots were abolished following their defeat.
The religious provisions of the Edict of Nantes were retained until the rule of Louis XIV.
Louis XIV progressively increased persecution of the Huguenots.
Louis XIV issued the Edict of Fontainebleau in 1685.
The Edict of Fontainebleau abolished all legal recognition of Protestantism in France.
The Edict of Fontainebleau forced the Huguenots to convert.
Nearly three-quarters of the Huguenots eventually were killed or submitted.
Roughly 500,000 Huguenots had fled France by the early 18th century.
The Catholic Church in France opposed the Huguenots.
Many members of the Catholic Church in France opposed the Huguenots.
Some Huguenot preachers were attacked as they attempted to meet for worship.
Some Huguenot congregants were attacked as they attempted to meet for worship.
The height of the persecution was the St.
The Bartholomew's Day massacre resulted in the deaths of 5,000 to 30,000 individuals.
There were underlying political reasons for the Bartholomew's Day massacre.
Some of the Huguenots were nobles.
The nobles were trying to establish separate centers of power in southern France.
The Huguenots had their own militia.
The Huguenots were retaliating against the French Catholics.
By 1620, the Huguenots were on the defensive.
The government increasingly applied pressure.
A series of three small civil wars is known as the Huguenot rebellions.
The Huguenot rebellions broke out mainly in southwestern France.
The Huguenot rebellions occurred between 1621 and 1629.
A group revolted against royal authority.
The uprising occurred a decade following the death of Henry IV.
Henry IV was a Huguenot before converting to Catholicism.
Henry IV had protected Protestants through the Edict of Nantes.
Louis XIII was the successor of an unnamed predecessor.
Louis XIII was under the regency of his Italian Catholic mother Marie de' Medici.
Louis XIII became more intolerant of Protestantism.
The Huguenots respond by establishing independent political structures.
The Huguenots respond by establishing independent military structures.
The Huguenots respond by establishing diplomatic contacts with foreign powers.
The Huguenots respond by openly revolting against central power.
The rebellions were suppressed by the French Crown.
The suppression of the rebellions was implacable.
Approximately one million Protestants exist in modern France.
One million Protestants represent some 2% of the population of modern France.
Most Huguenots are concentrated in Alsace in northeast France.
Most Huguenots are concentrated in the Cévennes mountain region in the south.
Most Huguenots still regard themselves as Huguenots to this day.
A diaspora of French Australians still considers itself Huguenot.
The diaspora of French Australians has existed for centuries.
The diaspora of French Australians has experienced exile for centuries.
The Huguenot Society of Australia encourages individuals to embrace and conserve their cultural heritage.
The Huguenot Society of Australia has genealogical research services.
The genealogical research services aid individuals in embracing and conserving their cultural heritage.
The cultural heritage has been long integrated into Australian society.
Huguenot immigrants did not disperse or settle in different parts of the country.
Huguenot immigrants formed three societies or congregations.
One society or congregation was formed in the city of New York.
Another society or congregation was formed 21 miles north of New York in a town named New Rochelle.
A third society or congregation was formed further upstate in New Paltz.
The Huguenot Street Historic District is located in New Paltz.
The Huguenot Street Historic District has been designated a National Historic Landmark site.
The Huguenot Street Historic District contains the oldest street in the United States of America.
A small group of Huguenots settled on the south shore of Staten Island.
The south shore of Staten Island is located along the New York Harbor.
The current neighborhood of Huguenot was named after the small group of Huguenots.
The Edict of Nantes was revoked.
The Dutch Republic received the largest group of Huguenot refugees.
The estimated total of Huguenot refugees received by the Dutch Republic was between 75,000 and 100,000 people.
There were 200 clergy among them.
Many people came from the region of the Cévennes.
The village of Fraissinet-de-Lozère is an example of a location in the region of the Cévennes.
There was a huge influx.
The entire population of the Dutch Republic amounted to approximately a certain number.
The quantity is 2 million.
The reference point is at that time.
Around 1700, it is estimated that nearly 25% of the Amsterdam population was Huguenot.
The Amsterdam population around 1700 included nearly 25% Huguenots.
In 1705, Amsterdam was the first area to provide full citizens rights to Huguenot immigrants.
The area of West Frisia was the first area to provide full citizens rights to Huguenot immigrants.
The Dutch Republic provided full citizens rights to Huguenot immigrants in 1715.
Huguenots intermarried with Dutch.
The intermarriage between Huguenots and Dutch occurred from the outset.
The name could suggest the derogatory inference of superstitious worship.
Popular fancy held that Huguon was the gate of King Hugo.
Huguon was believed to be haunted by the ghost of le roi Huguet.
Le roi Huguet was regarded by Roman Catholics as an infamous scoundrel.
Huguon was also believed to be haunted by other spirits.
The spirits were believed to come back to harm the living at night instead of being in Purgatory.
The prétendus réformés habitually gathered at night in this place in Tours.
The prétendus réformés gathered for political purposes.
The prétendus réformés gathered for prayer.
The prétendus réformés gathered for singing psalms.
Such explanations have been traced to contemporary sources.
Reguier de la Plancha is a contemporary figure.
Reguier de la Plancha has a date of death that is not specified in the provided content.
The year 1560 is mentioned.
The account regarding the origin of the name is offered in De l'Estat de France.
The account is cited by The Cape Monthly.
Other evidence of the Walloons and Huguenots in Canterbury includes a block of houses in Turnagain Lane.
Weavers' windows survive on the top floor of the block of houses in Turnagain Lane.
Many Huguenots worked as weavers.
The Weavers was a half-timbered house by the river.
The Weavers was the site of a weaving school from the late 16th century to about 1830.
The location has been adapted as a restaurant.
There is an illustration above that provides a visual reference.
The house derives its name from a weaving school.
The weaving school was moved to the house in the last years of the 19th century.
The moving of the weaving school revived an earlier use.
Other refugees practiced a variety of occupations.
The variety of occupations was necessary to sustain the community.
The community was distinct from the indigenous population.
Such economic separation was the condition of the refugees' initial acceptance in the City.
They also settled elsewhere in Kent.
Sandwich is a town in Kent.
Faversham is a town in Kent.
Maidstone is a town in Kent.
There used to be refugee churches in Sandwich.
There used to be refugee churches in Faversham.
There used to be refugee churches in Maidstone.
A number of Huguenots served as mayors in Dublin in the 17th and 18th centuries.
A number of Huguenots served as mayors in Cork in the 17th and 18th centuries.
A number of Huguenots served as mayors in Youghal in the 17th and 18th centuries.
A number of Huguenots served as mayors in Waterford in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Numerous signs of Huguenot presence can still be seen.
There are names still in use that are associated with the Huguenots.
There are areas of the main towns and cities named after the Huguenots who settled there.
Examples include the Huguenot District in Cork City.
Examples include French Church Street in Cork City.
D'Olier Street is located in Dublin.
D'Olier Street is named after a High Sheriff.
D'Olier Street is named after one of the founders of the Bank of Ireland.
A French church in Portarlington dates back to 1696.
The French church in Portarlington was built to serve the significant new Huguenot community in the town.
At the time, a group of individuals constituted the majority of the townspeople.
The exodus of Huguenots from France created a brain drain.
Many Huguenots had occupied important places in society.
The kingdom did not fully recover.
The recovery of the kingdom took years.
The French crown refused to allow non-Catholics to settle in New France.
The refusal of the French crown to allow non-Catholics to settle in New France may help to explain the colony's slow rate of population growth.
The population growth rate of New France was slow compared to that of the neighbouring British colonies.
The neighbouring British colonies opened settlement to religious dissenters.
By the time of the French and Indian War, a sizeable population of Huguenot descent lived in the British colonies.
Many individuals of Huguenot descent participated in the British defeat of New France in 1759-60.
The pattern of warfare continued for nearly another quarter-century.
The pattern of warfare was followed by brief periods of peace.
The warfare was definitively quelled in 1598.
Henry of Navarre succeeded to the French throne as Henry IV.
Henry IV recanted Protestantism in favour of Roman Catholicism.
Henry IV issued the Edict of Nantes.
The Edict reaffirmed Catholicism as the state religion of France.
The Edict granted the Protestants equality with Catholics under the throne.
The Edict granted a degree of religious freedom to the Protestants within their domains.
The Edict granted a degree of political freedom to the Protestants within their domains.
The Edict protected Catholic interests.
The Edict discouraged the founding of new Protestant churches.
The founding of new Protestant churches was discouraged in Catholic-controlled regions.
The revocation forbade Protestant services.
The revocation required education of children as Catholics.
The revocation prohibited emigration.
The event proved disastrous to the Huguenots.
The event was costly for France.
The event precipitated civil bloodshed.
The event ruined commerce.
The event resulted in the illegal flight from the country of hundreds of thousands of Protestants.
Many of the Protestants who fled became intellectuals.
Many of the Protestants who fled became doctors.
Many of the Protestants who fled became business leaders.
The Protestants who fled settled in Britain.
The Protestants who fled settled in Holland.
The Protestants who fled settled in Prussia.
The Protestants who fled settled in South Africa.
Four thousand individuals emigrated to the North American colonies.
The individuals settled in New York.
The individuals settled in Virginia.
The individuals especially settled in New York and Virginia.
The English welcomed the French refugees.
The English provided money to aid the relocation of the French refugees.
The money came from both government agencies and private agencies.
Those Huguenots who stayed in France became Catholics.
Those Huguenots who stayed in France were called 'new converts'.
The first Huguenots sought freedom from persecution.
The first Huguenots left France.
The first Huguenots sought freedom from persecution in Switzerland.
The first Huguenots sought freedom from persecution in the Netherlands.
A group of Huguenots was part of the French colonisers.
The French colonisers arrived in Brazil in 1555.
The purpose of the French colonisers was to found France Antarctique.
A couple of ships arrived at Guanabara Bay.
Guanabara Bay is located in present-day Rio de Janeiro.
The couple of ships carried around 500 people.
The 500 people settled in a small island.
A fort was built to protect them from attack.
The fort was named Fort Coligny.
The fort was built to protect them from attack from the Portuguese troops.
The fort was built to protect them from attack from Brazilian Native Americans.
The action was an attempt to establish a French colony.
The French colony was intended to be located in South America.
The fort was destroyed in 1560.
The fort was destroyed by the Portuguese.
The Portuguese captured part of the Huguenots.
The Portuguese threatened the prisoners with death.
The Portuguese threatened the prisoners if the prisoners did not convert to Catholicism.
The prisoners were threatened with death by the Portuguese.
The Huguenots of Guanabara are a group known for their historical significance.
The Huguenots of Guanabara produced a declaration of faith.
The declaration of faith was created to express the beliefs of the Huguenots of Guanabara to the Portuguese.
The statement was a death sentence for the individuals referred to as 'their'.
The document is the Guanabara Confession of Faith.
The Guanabara Confession of Faith became the first Protestant confession of faith in the whole of the Americas.
Many farms are located in the Western Cape province in South Africa.
Many farms in the Western Cape province in South Africa still bear French names.
Many families have surnames indicating their French Huguenot ancestry.
Today, many families are mostly Afrikaans-speaking.
The surnames of many families indicate their French Huguenot ancestry.
Blignaut is an example of a named entity.
Cilliers is an example of a named entity.
de Klerk is also known as Le Clercq.
de Villiers is an example of a named entity.
du Plessis is an example of a named entity.
Du Preez is also known as Des Pres.
du Randt is also known as Durand.
du Toit is an example of a named entity.
Duvenhage is also known as Du Vinage.
Franck is an example of a named entity.
Fouche is an example of a named entity.
Fourie is also known as Fleurit.
Gervais is an example of a named entity.
Giliomee is also known as Guilliaume.
Gous is also known as Gouws.
Hugo is an example of a named entity.
Jordaan is also known as Jourdan.
Joubert is an example of a named entity.
Kriek is an example of a named entity.
Labuschagne is also known as la Buscagne.
le Roux is an example of a named entity.
Lombard is an example of a named entity.
Malan is an example of a named entity.
Malherbe is an example of a named entity.
Marais is an example of a named entity.
Maree is an example of a named entity.
Minnaar is also known as Mesnard.
Nel is also known as Nell.
Naude' is an example of a named entity.
Nortje is also known as Nortier.
Pienaar is also known as Pinard.
Retief is also known as Retif.
Rossouw is also known as Rousseau.
Taljaard is also known as Taillard.
TerBlanche is an example of a named entity.
Theron is an example of a named entity.
Viljoen is also known as Villion.
Visagie is also known as Visage.
The wine industry in South Africa owes a significant debt to the Huguenots.
Some of the Huguenots had vineyards in France.
Some of the Huguenots were brandy distillers.
The Huguenots used their skills in their new home.
Paul Revere was descended from Huguenot refugees.
Henry Laurens was descended from Huguenot refugees.
Henry Laurens signed the Articles of Confederation for South Carolina.
Jack Jouett made the ride from Cuckoo Tavern to warn Thomas Jefferson and others.
Jack Jouett warned Thomas Jefferson and others that Tarleton and his men were on their way to arrest Thomas Jefferson for crimes against the king.
Francis Marion was a leader of the American Revolution.
A number of other leaders of the American Revolution were also descended from Huguenot refugees.
A number of other leaders of the American Revolution later became statesmen.
The last active Huguenot congregation in North America worships in Charleston, South Carolina.
The church where the last active Huguenot congregation worships dates to 1844.
The Huguenot Society of America maintains Manakin Episcopal Church in Virginia.
Manakin Episcopal Church is an historic shrine.
Manakin Episcopal Church has occasional services.
The Society has chapters in numerous states.
The chapter in Texas is the largest chapter of The Society.
Some Huguenots settled in Bedfordshire.
Bedfordshire was one of the main centres of the British lace industry at the time.
19th century sources have asserted that some of these refugees were lacemakers.
Some of these refugees contributed to the East Midlands lace industry.
The assertion that some of these refugees were lacemakers and contributed to the East Midlands lace industry is contentious.
The only reference to immigrant lacemakers in this period is of twenty-five widows who settled in Dover.
There is no contemporary documentation to support the existence of Huguenot lacemakers in Bedfordshire.
The style of lace known as 'Bucks Point' demonstrates a Huguenot influence.
The implication that the style of lace known as 'Bucks Point' demonstrates a Huguenot influence is fallacious.
The style of lace known as Mechlin did not develop until the first half of the eighteenth century.
Lace with Mechlin patterns and Lille ground did not appear until the end of the 18th century.
Lace with Mechlin patterns and Lille ground was widely copied throughout Europe.
The Huguenots created two new neighbourhoods in Berlin.
The two new neighbourhoods created by the Huguenots are Dorotheenstadt and Friedrichstadt.
By 1700, one-fifth of the city's population was French speaking.
One-fifth of the city's population refers to a specific proportion of the total population.
The Berlin Huguenots preserved the French language in their church services.
The preservation of the French language in church services lasted for nearly a century.
They ultimately decided to switch to the German language.
The decision to switch to the German language was made in protest against the occupation of Prussia by Napoleon.
The occupation of Prussia by Napoleon occurred in 1806-07.
Many descendents of the unnamed group rose to positions of prominence.
Several congregations were founded.
One of the congregations was located in Fredericia.
Fredericia is in Denmark.
Another congregation was located in Berlin.
Another congregation was located in Stockholm.
Another congregation was located in Hamburg.
Another congregation was located in Frankfurt.
Another congregation was located in Helsinki.
Another congregation was located in Emden.
Huguenots fled to surrounding Protestant countries.
Estimates of the number of Huguenots range from 200,000 to 1,000,000.
The surrounding Protestant countries include England, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Norway, Denmark, and Prussia.
Frederick William was the Calvinist Great Elector of Prussia.
Frederick William welcomed the Huguenots to help rebuild his war-ravaged and underpopulated country.
Following the exodus, Huguenots remained in large numbers in only one region of France.
The region of France where Huguenots remained in large numbers is the rugged Cévennes region.
The Cévennes region is located in the south of France.
In the early 18th century, a regional group known as the Camisards rioted against the Catholic Church in the region.
The Camisards were Huguenots.
The Camisards burned churches.
The Camisards killed clergy.
French troops took years to hunt down and destroy all the bands of Camisards.
The hunting down and destruction of the bands of Camisards occurred between 1702 and 1709.
In 1564, a group of Norman Huguenots established the small colony of Fort Caroline.
The establishment of Fort Caroline occurred on the banks of the St. Johns River.
Jean Ribault was the leader of the group of Norman Huguenots.
Johns River is located in what is today Jacksonville.
Jacksonville is a city in Florida.
The effort was the first at any permanent European settlement in the present-day continental United States.
The effort survived only a short time.
A French naval attack occurred in September 1565.
The target of the French naval attack was the new Spanish colony at St.
Augustine failed when Augustine's ships were hit by a hurricane.
The hurricane occurred on the way to the Spanish encampment at Fort Matanzas.
Hundreds of French soldiers were stranded.
Hundreds of French soldiers surrendered to the numerically inferior Spanish forces.
The Spanish forces were led by Pedro Menendez.
Menendez proceeded to massacre the defenseless Huguenots.
Menendez wiped out the Fort Caroline garrison after the massacre of the defenseless Huguenots.
French Huguenots made two attempts to establish a haven in North America.
The first attempt by French Huguenots to establish a haven in North America occurred at a specific time.
The second attempt by French Huguenots to establish a haven in North America occurred at a different specific time.
In 1562, Jean Ribault was a naval officer.
Jean Ribault led an expedition.
The expedition explored Florida.
The expedition explored the present-day Southeastern United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
The outpost of Charlesfort was founded on Parris Island.
Parris Island is located in South Carolina.
The Wars of Religion precluded a return voyage.
The outpost was abandoned.
In 1564, René Goulaine de Laudonnière launched a second voyage to build a colony.
René Goulaine de Laudonnière was Ribault's former lieutenant.
René Goulaine de Laudonnière established Fort Caroline.
Fort Caroline is located in what is now Jacksonville, Florida.
War at home again precluded a resupply mission.
The colony struggled.
In 1565, the Spanish decided to enforce their claim to La Florida.
The Spanish sent Pedro Menéndez de Avilés.
Pedro Menéndez de Avilés established the settlement of St.
Augustine is located near Fort Caroline.
Menéndez' forces routed the French.
Menéndez' forces executed most of the Protestant captives.
In 1700, several hundred French Huguenots migrated from England to the colony of Virginia.
The English Crown had promised the French Huguenots land grants in Lower Norfolk County.
Colonial authorities offered land to the arriving individuals.
The land was located 20 miles above the falls of the James River.
The land was at the abandoned Monacan village known as Manakin Town.
Manakin Town is now in Powhatan County.
Some settlers landed in present-day Chesterfield County.
Chesterfield County is located in present-day.
On 12 May 1705, the Virginia General Assembly passed an act.
The act was to naturalise the 148 Huguenots still resident at Manakintown.
The 148 Huguenots were still resident at Manakintown.
Of the original 390 settlers in the isolated settlement, many settlers had died.
Some settlers lived outside town on farms in the English style.
Some settlers moved to different areas.
They gradually intermarried with their English neighbors.
Descendants of the French migrated west into the Piedmont during the 18th century.
Descendants of the French migrated west into the Piedmont during the 19th century.
Descendants of the French migrated across the Appalachian Mountains into the West.
The West included what became Kentucky.
The West included what became Tennessee.
The West included what became Missouri.
The West included other states.
The Huguenot Memorial Bridge is located in the Manakintown area.
The Huguenot Memorial Bridge crosses the James River.
Huguenot Road is located in the Manakintown area.
Huguenot Memorial Bridge and Huguenot Road were named in honor of the Huguenots.
Many local features were named in honor of the Huguenots.
Several schools were named in honor of the Huguenots.
Huguenot High School is one of the schools named in honor of the Huguenots.
Some Huguenots fought in the Low Countries.
The Huguenots fought alongside the Dutch.
The Huguenots fought against Spain.
The fighting occurred during the first years of the Dutch Revolt.
The Dutch Revolt lasted from 1568 to 1609.
The Dutch Republic rapidly became a destination for Huguenot exiles.
Early ties were already visible in the 'Apologie' of William the Silent.
The 'Apologie' of William the Silent condemned the Spanish Inquisition.
The 'Apologie' was written by Pierre L'Oyseleur.
Pierre L'Oyseleur was the court minister of William the Silent.
Pierre L'Oyseleur was a Huguenot.
Pierre L'Oyseleur was the lord of Villiers.
Louise de Coligny was the daughter of Gaspard de Coligny.
Gaspard de Coligny was a murdered Huguenot leader.
Louise de Coligny married William the Silent.
William the Silent was the leader of the Dutch (Calvinist) revolt against Spanish (Catholic) rule.
Both individuals spoke French in daily life.
The court church in the Prinsenhof in Delft held services in French.
The practice has continued.
The practice has continued to the present day.
The Prinsenhof is one of the 14 active Walloon churches.
The Walloon churches are part of the Dutch Reformed Church.
The ties between Huguenots and the Dutch Republic's military leadership existed since the early days of the Dutch Revolt.
The ties between Huguenots and the Dutch Republic's political leadership existed since the early days of the Dutch Revolt.
The Dutch Republic's military leadership was represented by the House of Orange-Nassau.
The ties between Huguenots and the House of Orange-Nassau helped support the many early settlements of Huguenots in the Dutch Republic's colonies.
They settled at the Cape of Good Hope.
The Cape of Good Hope is located in South Africa.
They settled in New Netherland.
New Netherland is located in North America.
An estimated 50,000 Protestant Walloons and Huguenots fled to England.
The Foreign Protestants Naturalization Act was passed in 1708.
The estimated 50,000 Protestant Walloons and Huguenots fled to England both before and after the passage of the Foreign Protestants Naturalization Act.
Many of the Protestant Walloons and Huguenots moved on to Ireland and elsewhere.
In relative terms, this was one of the largest waves of immigration ever to Britain.
The immigration involved a single ethnic community.
Andrew Lortie was born as André Lortie.
Andrew Lortie was a leading Huguenot theologian.
Andrew Lortie was a writer.
Andrew Lortie led the exiled Huguenot community in London.
Andrew Lortie became known for articulating the criticism of the Pope.
Andrew Lortie became known for articulating the criticism of the doctrine of transubstantiation during Mass.
The French Crown revoked the Edict of Nantes.
Many Huguenots settled in Ireland in the late 17th century.
Many Huguenots settled in Ireland in the early 18th century.
An act of parliament encouraged Protestants' settling in Ireland.
Huguenot regiments fought for William of Orange in the Williamite war in Ireland.
Huguenot regiments were rewarded with land grants and titles for their service in the Williamite war in Ireland.
Many Huguenot regiments settled in Dublin.
Significant Huguenot settlements were in Dublin.
Significant Huguenot settlements were in Cork.
Significant Huguenot settlements were in Portarlington.
Significant Huguenot settlements were in Lisburn.
Significant Huguenot settlements were in Waterford.
Significant Huguenot settlements were in Youghal.
Smaller settlements contributed to the expansion of flax cultivation.
Smaller settlements contributed to the growth of the Irish linen industry.
Killeshandra is a settlement located in County Cavan.
Prince Louis de Condé arranged with Count Ludwig von Nassau-Saarbrücken to establish a Huguenot community in present-day Saarland in 1604.
Prince Louis de Condé had sons named Daniel and Osias.
Count Ludwig von Nassau-Saarbrücken was involved in the arrangement to establish a Huguenot community.
The Count supported mercantilism.
The Count welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands.
The Count welcomed technically skilled immigrants regardless of their religion.
The Condés established a thriving glass-making works.
The glass-making works provided wealth to the principality for many years.
Other founding families created enterprises based on textiles.
Other founding families created enterprises based on traditional Huguenot occupations in France.
Traditional Huguenot occupations were present in France.
The community remains active to this day.
The congregation remains active to this day.
Descendants of many of the founding families are still living in the region.
Some members of this community emigrated to the United States.
The emigration occurred in the 1890s.
The bulk of Huguenot émigrés relocated to Protestant European nations.
Protestant European nations included England.
Protestant European nations included Wales.
Protestant European nations included Scotland.
Protestant European nations included Denmark.
Protestant European nations included Sweden.
Protestant European nations included Switzerland.
Protestant European nations included the Dutch Republic.
Protestant European nations included the Electorate of Brandenburg.
Protestant European nations included the Electorate of the Palatinate in the Holy Roman Empire.
Protestant European nations included the Duchy of Prussia.
Protestant European nations included the Channel Islands.
Protestant European nations included Ireland.
The customs spread beyond Europe to the Dutch Cape Colony in South Africa.
The customs spread beyond Europe to the Dutch East Indies.
The customs spread beyond Europe to the Caribbean.
The customs spread beyond Europe to several of the English colonies of North America.
The customs spread beyond Europe to Quebec.
The customs were accepted in the Dutch Cape Colony in South Africa.
The customs were allowed to worship freely in the Dutch Cape Colony in South Africa.
The customs were accepted in the Dutch East Indies.
The customs were allowed to worship freely in the Dutch East Indies.
The customs were accepted in the Caribbean.
The customs were allowed to worship freely in the Caribbean.
The customs were accepted in several of the English colonies of North America.
The customs were allowed to worship freely in several of the English colonies of North America.
The customs were accepted in Quebec.
The customs were allowed to worship freely in Quebec.
Some individuals disagree with the idea of double or triple non-French linguistic origins.
Some individuals argue that for the word to have spread into common use in France, it must have originated in the French language.
The Hugues hypothesis argues that the name was derived by association with Hugues Capet.
Hugues Capet was the king of France.
Hugues Capet reigned long before the Reformation.
He was regarded by the Gallicans as a noble man.
He was regarded by the Protestants as a noble man.
He respected people's dignity.
He respected people's lives.
Janet Gray is a supporter of the hypothesis.
Janet Gray and other supporters of the hypothesis suggest a meaning for the name huguenote.
The name huguenote would be roughly equivalent to little Hugos.
The name huguenote would also be roughly equivalent to those who want Hugo.
Other predecessors of the Reformed church included pro-reform Roman Catholics.
Other predecessors of the Reformed church included Gallican Roman Catholics.
Jacques Lefevre was a pro-reform Roman Catholic.
Jacques Lefevre lived around the year 1500.
The Gallicans briefly achieved independence for the French church.
The principle of the Gallicans was that the religion of France could not be controlled by the Bishop of Rome.
The Bishop of Rome is considered a foreign power.
During the Protestant Reformation, Lefevre published his French translation of the New Testament in 1523.
Lefevre was a professor at the University of Paris.
Lefevre published the whole Bible in the French language in 1530.
William Farel was a student of Lefevre.
William Farel went on to become a leader of the Swiss Reformation.
William Farel established a Protestant government in Geneva.
Jean Cauvin was another student at the University of Paris.
Jean Cauvin is also known as John Calvin.
Jean Cauvin converted to Protestantism.
The sect was suppressed by Francis I.
The remaining French Waldensians were mostly in the Luberon region.
The remaining French Waldensians sought to join William Farel.
William Farel was a leader of the Reformation.
The remaining French Waldensians sought to join Calvin.
Calvin was a leader of the Reformation.
Olivetan published a French Bible for the remaining French Waldensians.
The French Confession of 1559 shows a decidedly Calvinistic influence.
Members of the Reformed church in France came to be commonly known as Huguenots.
The time period for this change in nomenclature was sometime between 1550 and 1580.
The event became known as the St.
The Bartholomew's Day Massacre occurred from 24 August to 3 October 1572.
Catholics killed thousands of Huguenots in Paris during the Bartholomew's Day Massacre.
Similar massacres took place in other towns.
The similar massacres took place in the weeks following.
The main provincial towns and cities experiencing the Massacre were Aix.
The main provincial towns and cities experiencing the Massacre were Bordeaux.
The main provincial towns and cities experiencing the Massacre were Bourges.
The main provincial towns and cities experiencing the Massacre were Lyons.
The main provincial towns and cities experiencing the Massacre were Meaux.
The main provincial towns and cities experiencing the Massacre were Orleans.
The main provincial towns and cities experiencing the Massacre were Rouen.
The main provincial towns and cities experiencing the Massacre were Toulouse.
The main provincial towns and cities experiencing the Massacre were Troyes.
Nearly 3,000 Protestants were slaughtered in Toulouse.
The exact number of fatalities throughout the country is not known.
On 23–24 August, between about 2,000 and 3,000 Protestants were killed in Paris.
Between 3,000 and 7,000 more Protestants were killed in the French provinces.
By 17 September, almost 25,000 Protestants had been massacred in Paris.
The massacre occurred in Paris alone.
The killings continued beyond Paris.
The killings continued until 3 October.
An amnesty was granted in 1573.
The amnesty pardoned the perpetrators.
Louis XIV gained the throne in 1643.
Louis XIV acted increasingly aggressively to force the Huguenots to convert.
At first, a person sent missionaries.
The missionaries were backed by a fund.
The fund was used to financially reward converts to Catholicism.
He imposed penalties.
He closed Huguenot schools.
He excluded Huguenots from favored professions.
He escalated the situation.
He instituted dragonnades.
Dragonnades included the occupation of Huguenot homes by military troops.
Dragonnades included the looting of Huguenot homes by military troops.
He instituted dragonnades in an effort to forcibly convert Huguenots.
In 1685, an unnamed individual issued the Edict of Fontainebleau.
The Edict of Fontainebleau revoked the Edict of Nantes.
The Edict of Fontainebleau declared Protestantism illegal.
New Rochelle is located in the county of Westchester.
New Rochelle is located on the north shore of Long Island Sound.
New Rochelle seemed to be the great location of the Huguenots in New York.
They landed on the coastline peninsula of Davenports Neck.
The coastline peninsula of Davenports Neck is called 'Bauffet's Point'.
They traveled from England.
They had previously taken refuge in England on account of religious persecution.
The refuge in England occurred four years before the revocation of the Edict of Nantes.
They purchased a tract of land consisting of six thousand one hundred acres.
John Pell was the Lord of Pelham Manor.
Jacob Leisler helped with the purchase.
The place was named New Rochelle.
New Rochelle was named after La Rochelle.
La Rochelle was their former strong-hold in France.
A small wooden church was first erected in the community.
A second church was built of stone.
The strong men would often walk twenty-three miles on Saturday evening.
The distance by the road from New Rochelle to New York is twenty-three miles.
The strong men walked to attend the Sunday service.
The church was eventually replaced by a third church.
The name of the third church is Trinity-St.
Paul's Episcopal Church contains heirlooms.
The heirlooms include the original bell from the French Huguenot Church.
The French Huguenot Church is named 'Eglise du St'.
Esperit is located on Pine Street in New York City.
Esperit is preserved as a relic in the tower room.
The Huguenot cemetery is also known as the 'Huguenot Burial Ground'.
The Huguenot cemetery has been recognized as a historic cemetery.
The Huguenot cemetery is the final resting place for a wide range of Huguenot founders.
The Huguenot cemetery is the final resting place for early settlers.
The Huguenot cemetery is the final resting place for prominent citizens.
The Huguenot cemetery dates back more than three centuries.
Most of the Huguenot congregations in North America eventually affiliated with other Protestant denominations.
Most of the Huguenot individuals in North America eventually affiliated with other Protestant denominations.
The other Protestant denominations had more numerous members.
The Huguenots adapted quickly.
The Huguenots often married outside their immediate French communities.
The marriages of the Huguenots outside their immediate French communities led to their assimilation.
The descendants of certain families continued to use French first names for their children well into the nineteenth century.
The descendants of certain families continued to use French surnames for their children well into the nineteenth century.
The French were assimilated into United States society.
The French made numerous contributions to United States economic life.
The contributions of the French were especially significant as merchants in the late Colonial period.
The contributions of the French were especially significant as artisans in the late Colonial period.
The contributions of the French were especially significant as merchants in the early Federal period.
The contributions of the French were especially significant as artisans in the early Federal period.
Du Pont was a former student of Antoine Lavoisier.
Du Pont established the Eleutherian gunpowder mills.
One of the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands was Pierre Bayle.
Pierre Bayle was a prominent Huguenot refugee in the Netherlands.
He started teaching in Rotterdam.
He finished writing his multi-volume masterpiece, Historical and Critical Dictionary.
He published his multi-volume masterpiece, Historical and Critical Dictionary.
The text became one of the 100 foundational texts of the US Library of Congress.
Some Huguenot descendants are located in the Netherlands.
Some Huguenot descendants may be noted by French family names.
Huguenot descendants typically use Dutch given names.
The Huguenots had early ties with the leadership of the Dutch Revolt.
The Huguenots participated in the Dutch Revolt.
Some members of the Dutch patriciate are of part-Huguenot descent.
Some Huguenot families have kept alive various traditions.
One of the traditions is the celebration and feast of their patron Saint Nicolas.
The celebration and feast of their patron Saint Nicolas is similar to the Dutch Sint Nicolaas feast.
The French Protestant Church of London was established by Royal Charter.
The establishment of the French Protestant Church of London occurred in 1550.
The location is now at Soho Square.
Huguenot refugees flocked to Shoreditch.
Shoreditch is located in London.
A major weaving industry was established in and around Spitalfields.
Spitalfields is located in East London.
Petticoat Lane is associated with Spitalfields.
The Tenterground is associated with Spitalfields.
In Wandsworth, gardening skills benefited the Battersea market gardens.
The Old Truman Brewery was founded in 1724.
The Old Truman Brewery was then known as the Black Eagle Brewery.
The flight of Huguenot refugees from Tours drew off most of the workers of the great silk mills.
The great silk mills were built in Tours, France.
Some of these immigrants moved to Norwich.
Norwich had accommodated an earlier settlement of Walloon weavers.
The French added to the existing immigrant population.
The existing immigrant population comprised about a third of the population of the city.
Around 1685, Huguenot refugees found a safe haven in Germany.
Germany had Lutheran and Reformed states.
Huguenot refugees found a safe haven in Scandinavia.
Nearly 50,000 Huguenots established themselves in Germany.
20,000 Huguenots were welcomed in Brandenburg-Prussia.
The Huguenots in Brandenburg-Prussia were granted special privileges.
The special privileges were granted under the Edict of Potsdam.
The Huguenots in Brandenburg-Prussia were granted churches in which to worship.
One of the churches in which the Huguenots worshipped was the Church of St.
Peter is a named entity.
St is a named entity.
Paul is a location in Angermünde.
Frederick William was the Elector of Brandenburg.
Frederick William was the Duke of Prussia.
The Huguenots furnished two new regiments of the army.
The two new regiments were the Altpreußische Infantry Regiments No.
13 is the Regiment on foot Varenne.
15 is the Regiment on foot Wylich.
Another 4,000 Huguenots settled in the German territories of Baden.
Another 4,000 Huguenots settled in Franconia.
Franconia includes the Principality of Bayreuth.
Franconia includes the Principality of Ansbach.
Another 4,000 Huguenots settled in the Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel.
Another 4,000 Huguenots settled in the Duchy of Württemberg.
Another 4,000 Huguenots settled in the Wetterau Association of Imperial Counts.
Another 4,000 Huguenots settled in the Palatinate.
Another 4,000 Huguenots settled in Palatinate-Zweibrücken.
Another 4,000 Huguenots settled in the Rhine-Main-Area.
The Rhine-Main-Area includes Frankfurt.
Another 4,000 Huguenots settled in modern-day Saarland.
1,500 Huguenots found refuge in Hamburg.
1,500 Huguenots found refuge in Bremen.
1,500 Huguenots found refuge in Lower Saxony.
Three hundred refugees were granted asylum.
The asylum was granted at the court of George William.
George William was the Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
The court was located in Celle.
Frederick William was the Elector of Brandenburg.
Frederick William invited Huguenots to settle in his realms.
A number of descendants of the Huguenots rose to positions of prominence in Prussia.
Several prominent German military, cultural, and political figures were ethnic Huguenot.
Theodor Fontane was a poet.
Hermann von François was a general.
Hermann von François was the hero of the First World War Battle of Tannenberg.
Adolf Galland was a Luftwaffe general and fighter ace.
Hans-Joachim Marseille was a Luftwaffe flying ace.
Lothar von Arnauld de la Perière was a famed U-boat captain.
Lothar de Maizière was the last Prime Minister of the East German Democratic Republic.
Lothar de Maizière is a descendant of a Huguenot family.
Thomas de Maizière is the German Federal Minister of the Interior.
Thomas de Maizière is also a descendant of a Huguenot family.
Steam engines are external combustion engines.
In steam engines, the working fluid is separate from the combustion products.
Non-combustion heat sources may be used.
Solar power is a non-combustion heat source.
Nuclear power is a non-combustion heat source.
Geothermal energy is a non-combustion heat source.
The ideal thermodynamic cycle is used to analyze this process.
The ideal thermodynamic cycle is called the Rankine cycle.
In the cycle, water is heated.
Water transforms into steam within a boiler.
The boiler operates at a high pressure.
Mechanical work is done when expanded through pistons.
Mechanical work is done when expanded through turbines.
The reduced-pressure steam is then condensed.
The condensed reduced-pressure steam is pumped back into the boiler.
The first commercially successful true engine could generate power and transmit it to a machine.
The atmospheric engine was invented by Thomas Newcomen.
Thomas Newcomen invented the atmospheric engine around 1712.
The improvement was over Savery's steam pump.
The improvement used a piston.
The use of a piston was proposed by Denis Papin.
Newcomen's engine was relatively inefficient.
Newcomen's engine was used for pumping water in most cases.
The mechanism worked by creating a partial vacuum.
The partial vacuum was created by condensing steam.
The steam was condensed under a piston.
The piston was located within a cylinder.
The method was employed for draining mine workings at depths that were previously impossible.
The method was also employed for providing a reusable water supply for driving waterwheels.
The factories were sited away from a suitable 'head'.
Water passed over the wheel.
The water was pumped back up into a storage reservoir.
The storage reservoir is located above the wheel.
The first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by Richard Trevithick.
Richard Trevithick built the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive in the United Kingdom.
On 21 February 1804, the world's first railway journey took place.
Richard Trevithick's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway.
The tramway ran from the Pen-y-darren ironworks to Abercynon.
The Pen-y-darren ironworks is located near Merthyr Tydfil.
Abercynon is located in south Wales.
The design incorporated a number of important innovations.
The innovations included using high-pressure steam.
Using high-pressure steam reduced the weight of the engine.
Using high-pressure steam increased the efficiency of the engine.
Trevithick visited the Newcastle area later in 1804.
The colliery railways in north-east England became the leading centre for experimentation and development of steam locomotives.
The Rankine cycle has a water pump.
Most practical steam engines have a water pump.
The water pump is used to recycle or top up the boiler water.
The water pump allows the Rankine cycle to be run continuously.
The water pump allows most practical steam engines to be run continuously.
Utility boilers commonly use multi-stage centrifugal pumps.
Industrial boilers commonly use multi-stage centrifugal pumps.
Other types of pumps are used in utility and industrial boilers.
Another means of supplying lower-pressure boiler feed water is an injector.
An injector uses a steam jet.
The steam jet is usually supplied from the boiler.
Injectors became popular in the 1850s.
Injectors are no longer widely used.
Injectors are still used in applications such as steam locomotives.
The compound engine is described above.
It is a logical extension of the compound engine to split the expansion into more stages.
The purpose of splitting the expansion into more stages is to increase efficiency.
The result is the multiple expansion engine.
Such engines use either three expansion stages or four expansion stages.
Engines that use three expansion stages are known as triple expansion engines.
Engines that use four expansion stages are known as quadruple expansion engines.
These engines use a series of cylinders.
The cylinders have progressively increasing diameter.
These cylinders are designed to divide the work into equal shares.
The work is divided for each expansion stage.
If space is at a premium, then two smaller cylinders may be used for the low-pressure stage.
The double expansion engine is a type of engine.
Two smaller cylinders may be used for the low-pressure stage.
Multiple expansion engines typically had the cylinders arranged inline.
Various other formations were used for multiple expansion engines.
In the late 19th century, the Yarrow-Schlick-Tweedy balancing system was used on some marine triple expansion engines.
The Yarrow-Schlick-Tweedy balancing system is a type of balancing system.
Some marine triple expansion engines utilized the Yarrow-Schlick-Tweedy balancing system.
Y-S-T engines divided the low-pressure expansion stages between two cylinders.
One cylinder is located at one end of the Y-S-T engine.
The other cylinder is located at the opposite end of the Y-S-T engine.
The crankshaft was better balanced.
The better balance of the crankshaft allowed for a smoother engine.
The better balance of the crankshaft allowed for a faster-responding engine.
The engine ran with less vibration.
The 4-cylinder triple-expansion engine became popular with large passenger liners.
Large passenger liners include the Olympic class.
The 4-cylinder triple-expansion engine was ultimately replaced by the virtually vibration-free turbine engine.
In the 1840s, there were attempts to overcome this problem by means of various patent valve gears.
In the 1850s, there were attempts to overcome this problem by means of various patent valve gears.
The various patent valve gears had a separate, variable cutoff expansion valve.
The separate, variable cutoff expansion valve was riding on the back of the main slide valve.
The main slide valve usually had fixed cutoff.
The main slide valve usually had limited cutoff.
The combined setup gave a fair approximation of the ideal events.
The combined setup increased friction.
The combined setup increased wear.
The mechanism tended to be complicated.
The usual compromise solution has been to provide lap by lengthening rubbing surfaces of the valve.
The rubbing surfaces of the valve are lengthened in such a way as to overlap the port on the admission side.
The effect of overlapping the port on the admission side is that the exhaust side remains open for a longer period.
The longer period occurs after cut-off on the admission side has occurred.
The expedient has been generally considered satisfactory for most purposes.
The expedient makes possible the use of the simpler Stephenson motion.
The expedient makes possible the use of the simpler Joy motion.
The expedient makes possible the use of the simpler Walschaerts motion.
Corliss valve gears had separate admission and exhaust valves.
Poppet valve gears had separate admission and exhaust valves.
Corliss and poppet valve gears were driven by trip mechanisms or cams profiled to give ideal events.
Most of these valve gears never succeeded outside of the stationary marketplace.
The failure of these valve gears outside of the stationary marketplace was due to various issues.
One issue that affected the success of these valve gears was leakage.
Another issue that affected the success of these valve gears was more delicate mechanisms.
Lead fusible plugs may be present in the crown of the boiler's firebox.
The crown is a part of the boiler's firebox.
If the water level drops, the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly.
The lead melts.
The steam escapes.
The steam escaping warns the operators.
The operators may then manually suppress the fire.
In the smallest of boilers, the steam escape has a significant effect on dampening the fire.
In boilers that are not the smallest, the steam escape has little effect on dampening the fire.
The plugs are too small in area to lower steam pressure significantly.
The plugs are responsible for depressurizing the boiler.
If the objects were any larger, the volume of escaping steam would endanger the crew.
The volume of escaping steam would itself endanger the crew.
In 1781, James Watt patented a steam engine.
The steam engine produced continuous rotary motion.
Watt's ten-horsepower engines enabled a wide range of manufacturing machinery to be powered.
Watt's engines had a power rating of ten horsepower.
A wide range of manufacturing machinery was powered by Watt's ten-horsepower engines.
The engines could be sited anywhere.
Water could be obtained.
Coal could be obtained.
Wood fuel could be obtained.
By 1883, engines that could provide 10,000 hp had become feasible.
Engines that could provide 10,000 hp were a technological development.
The stationary steam engine was a key component of the Industrial Revolution.
The stationary steam engine allowed factories to locate where water power was unavailable.
The atmospheric engines of Newcomen were large compared to the amount of power they produced.
The atmospheric engines of Watt were large compared to the amount of power they produced.
High pressure steam engines were light enough to be applied to vehicles.
Vehicles include traction engines.
Vehicles include railway locomotives.
The history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century AD.
The first recorded rudimentary steam engine is the aeolipile.
The aeolipile was described by the Greek mathematician Hero of Alexandria.
In the following centuries, the few steam-powered engines were known.
The steam-powered engines were essentially experimental devices.
The experimental devices were used by inventors.
Inventors used the experimental devices to demonstrate the properties of steam.
The aeolipile was one of the steam-powered engines.
A rudimentary steam turbine device was described by Taqi al-Din in 1551.
Taqi al-Din was an inventor.
A rudimentary steam turbine device was described by Giovanni Branca in 1629.
Giovanni Branca was an inventor.
Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont received patents in 1606.
Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont received patents for fifty steam powered inventions.
One of the steam powered inventions was a water pump for draining inundated mines.
Denis Papin was a Huguenot refugee.
Denis Papin did some useful work on the steam digester in 1679.
Denis Papin first used a piston to raise weights in 1690.
Near the end of the 19th century, compound engines came into widespread use.
Compound engines exhausted steam into successively larger cylinders.
The larger cylinders accommodated higher volumes at reduced pressures.
The use of successively larger cylinders gave improved efficiency.
These stages were called expansions.
Double expansion engines were common.
Triple expansion engines were common.
Double and triple expansion engines were especially common in shipping.
Efficiency was important in shipping to reduce the weight of coal carried.
Steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century.
Advances in the design of electric motors occurred in the early 20th century.
Advances in the design of internal combustion engines occurred in the early 20th century.
The advances in the design of electric motors gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating (piston) steam engines.
The advances in the design of internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating (piston) steam engines.
Shipping in the 20th century relied upon the steam turbine.
The final major evolution of the steam engine design was the use of steam turbines.
The use of steam turbines started in the late part of the 19th century.
Steam turbines are generally more efficient than reciprocating piston type steam engines for outputs above several hundred horsepower.
Steam turbines have fewer moving parts than reciprocating piston type steam engines.
Steam turbines provide rotary power directly.
Steam turbines do not provide rotary power through a connecting rod system or similar means.
Steam turbines virtually replaced reciprocating engines in electricity generating stations early in the 20th century.
The efficiency of steam turbines was an advantage in electricity generating stations.
The higher speed appropriate to generator service of steam turbines was an advantage in electricity generating stations.
The smooth rotation of steam turbines was an advantage in electricity generating stations.
Today, most electric power is provided by steam turbines.
In the United States, 90% of the electric power is produced using a variety of heat sources.
A variety of heat sources are used to produce electric power in the United States.
Steam turbines were extensively applied for propulsion of large ships.
The application of steam turbines for propulsion of large ships occurred throughout most of the 20th century.
The heat required for boiling the water can be derived from various sources.
The heat required for supplying the steam can be derived from various sources.
The most common source of heat is burning combustible materials.
Burning combustible materials requires an appropriate supply of air.
The burning of combustible materials typically occurs in a closed space.
A closed space where burning occurs is called a combustion chamber.
A closed space where burning occurs is also called a firebox.
In some cases, the heat source is a nuclear reactor.
In some cases, the heat source is geothermal energy.
In some cases, the heat source is solar energy.
In some cases, the heat source is waste heat from an internal combustion engine.
In some cases, the heat source is waste heat from an industrial process.
In the case of model steam engines, the heat source can be an electric heating element.
In the case of toy steam engines, the heat source can be an electric heating element.
The most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines is the steam engine indicator.
The steam engine indicator is an instrument.
The steam engine indicator is useful for analyzing the performance of steam engines.
Early versions of the indicator were in use by 1851.
The most successful indicator was developed for Charles Porter.
Charles Porter was an inventor and manufacturer of high speed engines.
The successful indicator was developed by Charles Richard.
The successful indicator was exhibited at the London Exhibition in 1862.
The steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle.
The pressure in the cylinder can be used to spot various problems.
The pressure in the cylinder can be used to calculate developed horsepower.
The item was routinely used by engineers.
The item was routinely used by mechanics.
The item was routinely used by insurance inspectors.
The engine indicator can be used on internal combustion engines.
The engine indicator is a device.
There is an image of an indicator diagram.
The image of the indicator diagram is located below.
The image of the indicator diagram is in the Types of motor units section.
Two-cylinder compounds are used in railway work.
The pistons are connected to the cranks.
The connection of the pistons to the cranks is similar to that of a two-cylinder simple.
The two-cylinder simple is at 90° out of phase with each other.
The two-cylinder simple is quartered.
When the double expansion group is duplicated, a 4-cylinder compound is produced.
The individual pistons within the double expansion group are usually balanced at 180°.
The groups are set at 90° to each other.
In one case, the first type of Vauclain compound was described.
The pistons worked in the same phase.
The pistons drove a common crosshead.
The pistons drove a common crank.
The crank was set at 90°.
The crank was set at 90° as for a two-cylinder engine.
The 3-cylinder compound arrangement has LP cranks.
The LP cranks were either set at 90° with the HP crank.
The HP crank was set at 135° to the other two LP cranks.
In some cases, all three cranks were set at 120°.
In most reciprocating piston engines, the steam reverses its direction of flow at each stroke.
The direction of flow of the steam is counterflow.
The steam enters the cylinder by the same port from which it exhausts.
The complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank.
The complete engine cycle occupies two piston strokes.
The complete engine cycle comprises four events.
The four events of the complete engine cycle are admission, expansion, exhaust, and compression.
These events are controlled by valves.
Valves often work inside a steam chest.
The steam chest is adjacent to the cylinder.
The valves distribute the steam.
The valves distribute the steam by opening and closing steam ports.
The steam ports communicate with the cylinder end(s).
The valves are driven by valve gear.
There are many types of valve gear.
Uniflow engines attempt to remedy the difficulties arising from the usual counterflow cycle.
The usual counterflow cycle has difficulties.
During each stroke, the port and the cylinder walls are cooled by the passing exhaust steam.
The incoming admission steam is hotter than the exhaust steam.
The hotter incoming admission steam will waste some of its energy in restoring working temperature.
The aim of the uniflow is to remedy a defect.
The aim of the uniflow is to improve efficiency.
The uniflow provides an additional port.
The additional port is uncovered by the piston at the end of each stroke.
The uniflow makes the steam flow only in one direction.
The simple-expansion uniflow engine gives efficiency equivalent to that of classic compound systems.
The simple-expansion uniflow engine has the added advantage of superior part-load performance.
The simple-expansion uniflow engine has comparable efficiency to turbines for smaller engines.
Smaller engines are defined as those below one thousand horsepower.
The thermal expansion gradient uniflow engines produce a thermal expansion gradient along the cylinder wall.
The thermal expansion gradient along the cylinder wall gives practical difficulties.
The Quasiturbine is a uniflow rotary steam engine.
The Quasiturbine intakes steam in hot areas.
The Quasiturbine exhausts steam in cold areas.
An oscillating cylinder steam engine is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine.
The simple expansion steam engine does not require valves to direct steam into the cylinder.
The simple expansion steam engine does not require valves to direct steam out of the cylinder.
Instead of valves, the entire cylinder rocks.
The entire cylinder oscillates.
One or more holes in the cylinder line up with holes in a fixed port face.
One or more holes in the cylinder line up with holes in the pivot mounting.
The pivot mounting is also known as a trunnion.
These engines are mainly used in toys.
These engines are mainly used in models.
The simplicity of these engines is a reason for their use in toys and models.
These engines have also been used in full size working engines.
These engines have been used mainly on ships.
The compactness of these engines is valued on ships.
The working fluid in a Rankine cycle can operate as a closed loop system.
In a closed loop system, the working fluid is recycled continuously.
The working fluid in a Rankine cycle may also operate as an open loop system.
In an open loop system, the exhaust steam is directly released to the atmosphere.
In an open loop system, a separate source of water feeding the boiler is supplied.
Water is the fluid of choice.
Water has favourable properties.
Water is non-toxic.
Water has unreactive chemistry.
Water is abundant.
Water is low cost.
Water has thermodynamic properties.
Mercury is the working fluid in the mercury vapor turbine.
Low boiling hydrocarbons can be used in a binary cycle.
The efficiency of a Rankine cycle is usually limited by the working fluid.
The pressure must not reach supercritical levels for the working fluid.
The temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small.
In steam turbines, turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °C.
The temperature of 565 °C is the creep limit of stainless steel.
Condenser temperatures in steam turbines are around 30 °C.
The theoretical Carnot efficiency is about 63%.
The actual efficiency for a modern coal-fired power station is 42%.
The low turbine entry temperature is compared with a gas turbine.
The Rankine cycle is often used as a bottoming cycle in combined-cycle gas turbine power stations.
The low turbine entry temperature is the reason why the Rankine cycle is often used as a bottoming cycle in combined-cycle gas turbine power stations.
Steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the Industrial Revolution.
Steam engines saw widespread commercial use.
Steam engines drove machinery in factories.
Steam engines drove machinery in mills.
Steam engines drove machinery in mines.
Steam engines powered pumping stations.
Steam engines propelled transport appliances.
Transport appliances include railway locomotives.
Transport appliances include ships.
Transport appliances include steamboats.
Transport appliances include road vehicles.
The use of certain methods or tools in agriculture led to an increase in the land available for cultivation.
There have been steam-powered farm tractors at one time or another.
There have been steam-powered motorcycles at one time or another.
The steam-powered motorcycles did not achieve much success.
There have been steam-powered automobiles at one time or another.
The Stanley Steamer is an example of a steam-powered automobile.
Trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives.
Trevithick concluded his experiments with the Catch Me Who Can in 1808.
Only four years later, the successful twin-cylinder locomotive Salamanca was used by the Middleton Railway.
Matthew Murray was the creator of the successful twin-cylinder locomotive Salamanca.
The Middleton Railway utilized the edge railed rack and pinion system.
In 1825, George Stephenson built the Locomotion.
The Locomotion was built for the Stockton and Darlington Railway.
This was the first public steam railway in the world.
In 1829, George Stephenson built The Rocket.
The Rocket was entered in the Rainhill Trials.
The Rocket won the Rainhill Trials.
The Liverpool and Manchester Railway opened in 1830.
The Liverpool and Manchester Railway made exclusive use of steam power for both passenger trains and freight trains.
A method to lessen the magnitude of heating and cooling was invented in 1804.
The inventor of the method was Arthur Woolf.
Arthur Woolf was a British engineer.
Arthur Woolf patented the Woolf high-pressure compound engine in 1805.
In the compound engine, high-pressure steam from the boiler expands in a high-pressure cylinder.
High-pressure steam from the boiler then enters one or more subsequent lower-pressure cylinders.
The complete expansion of the steam now occurs across multiple cylinders.
Less expansion now occurs in each cylinder.
Less heat is lost by the steam in each cylinder.
The reduction of the magnitude of cylinder heating occurs.
The reduction of the magnitude of cylinder cooling occurs.
The reduction of the magnitude of cylinder heating and cooling increases the efficiency of the engine.
Staging the expansion occurs in multiple cylinders.
Torque variability can be reduced by staging the expansion in multiple cylinders.
To derive equal work from lower-pressure steam requires a larger cylinder volume.
Lower-pressure steam occupies a greater volume.
The bore is increased in low-pressure cylinders.
The stroke is often increased in low-pressure cylinders.
The increase in bore and stroke results in larger cylinders.
The main use for steam turbines is in electricity generation.
In the 1990s, about 90% of the world's electric production was by use of steam turbines.
The recent widespread application of large gas turbine units has occurred.
The recent widespread application of typical combined cycle power plants has occurred.
The widespread application of large gas turbine units and typical combined cycle power plants has resulted in a reduction of the percentage of electricity production by steam turbines.
The percentage of electricity production by steam turbines has been reduced to the 80% regime.
In electricity production, the high speed of turbine rotation matches well with the speed of modern electric generators.
Modern electric generators are typically directly connected to their driving turbines.
In marine service, steam turbines with reduction gearing dominated large ship propulsion throughout the late 20th century.
The Turbinia pioneered the use of steam turbines in marine service.
The Turbinia has direct turbines to propellers with no reduction gearbox.
Steam turbines with reduction gearing are more efficient than reciprocating steam engines.
Steam turbines with reduction gearing require far less maintenance than reciprocating steam engines.
In recent decades, reciprocating Diesel engines have almost entirely supplanted steam propulsion for marine applications.
In recent decades, gas turbines have almost entirely supplanted steam propulsion for marine applications.
Reciprocating Diesel engines and gas turbines have supplanted steam propulsion.
The Rankine cycle is a thermodynamic cycle.
The Rankine cycle is the fundamental thermodynamic underpinning of the steam engine.
The cycle is an arrangement of components.
The cycle is typically used for simple power production.
The cycle utilizes the phase change of water.
Boiling water produces steam.
Condensing exhaust steam produces liquid water.
The cycle provides a practical heat/power conversion system.
The heat is supplied externally to a closed loop.
Some of the heat added to the closed loop is converted to work.
The waste heat is removed in a condenser.
The Rankine cycle is used in steam power production applications.
The Rankine cycle is used in virtually all steam power production applications.
In the 1990s, Rankine steam cycles generated about 90% of all electric power used throughout the world.
Rankine steam cycles included virtually all solar power plants.
Rankine steam cycles included virtually all biomass power plants.
Rankine steam cycles included virtually all coal power plants.
Rankine steam cycles included virtually all nuclear power plants.
The entity is named after William John Macquorn Rankine.
William John Macquorn Rankine was a Scottish polymath.
The historical measure of a steam engine's energy efficiency was its duty.
The term 'duty' refers to the measure of a steam engine's energy efficiency.
The concept of duty was first introduced by James Watt.
James Watt introduced the concept of duty in order to illustrate the efficiency of his engines.
James Watt's engines were more efficient than the earlier Newcomen designs.
Duty is the number of foot-pounds of work delivered by burning one bushel of coal.
One bushel of coal weighs 94 pounds.
The best examples of Newcomen designs had a duty of about 7 million.
Most Newcomen designs were closer to 5 million.
Watt's original low-pressure designs were able to deliver a duty as high as 25 million.
Watt's original low-pressure designs averaged a duty of about 17.
The improvement was three-fold.
The improvement was over the average Newcomen design.
Early Watt engines were equipped with high-pressure steam.
Early Watt engines improved the performance to 65 million.
Reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century.
Advances in the design of electric motors occurred in the early 20th century.
Advances in the design of internal combustion engines occurred in the early 20th century.
The advances in the design of electric motors gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating piston steam engines in commercial usage.
The advances in the design of internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating piston steam engines in commercial usage.
The ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation occurred in the early 20th century.
The great majority of worldwide electric generation is produced by turbine type steam engines.
The steam age is continuing.
The energy levels of the steam age are far beyond those of the turn of the 19th century.
The first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump.
The water pump was developed in 1698.
Thomas Savery was the developer of the water pump.
Condensing steam was used to create a vacuum.
The vacuum was used to raise water from below.
Steam pressure was then used to raise the water higher.
Small engines were effective.
Larger models were problematic.
The devices proved to have a limited lift height.
The devices were prone to boiler explosions.
The subject received some use in mines.
The subject received some use in pumping stations.
The subject was used for supplying water wheels.
The water wheels were used to power textile machinery.
An attractive feature of the Savery engine was its low cost.
The Savery engine is characterized by its low cost.
Bento de Moura Portugal introduced an ingenious improvement of Savery's construction.
The improvement was designed to render Savery's construction capable of working itself.
John Smeaton described the improvement in the Philosophical Transactions.
The Philosophical Transactions were published in 1751.
The item continued to be manufactured until the late 18th century.
One engine was still known to be operating in 1820.
Around 1800, Richard Trevithick introduced engines using high-pressure steam.
Oliver Evans introduced engines using high-pressure steam in 1801.
Richard Trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802.
The engines were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines.
The engines could be made small enough for transport applications.
Technological developments occurred thereafter.
Improvements in manufacturing techniques occurred thereafter.
The adoption of the steam engine as a power source partly brought about technological developments and improvements in manufacturing techniques.
Technological developments and improvements in manufacturing techniques resulted in the design of more efficient engines.
More efficient engines could be smaller.
More efficient engines could be faster.
More efficient engines could be more powerful.
The characteristics of more efficient engines depended on the intended application.
The reciprocating steam engine is no longer in widespread commercial use.
Various companies are exploring the potential of the reciprocating steam engine as an alternative to internal combustion engines.
Various companies are exploiting the potential of the reciprocating steam engine as an alternative to internal combustion engines.
Energiprojekt AB is a company in Sweden.
Energiprojekt AB has made progress in using modern materials.
Energiprojekt AB is using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam.
The efficiency of Energiprojekt's steam engine reaches some 27-30%.
The efficiency of Energiprojekt's steam engine is applicable to high-pressure engines.
The engine is a single-step engine.
The engine has 5 cylinders.
The engine is not a compound engine.
The engine uses superheated steam.
The engine consumes approximately a certain amount of fuel.
4 kg is a measurement of weight.
4 kg is equivalent to 8 units of another measurement.
8 lb of steam is produced per kWh.
Where CHP is not used, steam turbines in power stations use surface condensers as a cold sink.
Steam turbines in power stations use surface condensers.
Surface condensers serve as a cold sink.
The condensers are cooled by water flow from oceans.
The condensers are cooled by water flow from rivers.
The condensers are cooled by water flow from lakes.
The condensers are often cooled by cooling towers.
Cooling towers evaporate water to provide cooling energy removal.
The resulting condensed hot water output comes from the condenser.
The resulting condensed hot water output is put back into the boiler.
A pump is used to put the resulting condensed hot water output back into the boiler.
A dry type cooling tower is similar to an automobile radiator.
A dry type cooling tower is used in locations where water is costly.
Evaporative cooling towers use the rejected heat to evaporate water.
The evaporative cooling towers are wet cooling towers.
The evaporated water is kept separate from the condensate.
The condensate circulates in a closed system.
The condensate returns to the boiler.
Such towers often have visible plumes.
The visible plumes are due to the evaporated water condensing into droplets.
The droplets are carried up by the warm air.
Evaporative cooling towers need less water flow than once-through cooling by river water.
A 700 megawatt coal-fired power plant may use about 3600 cubic metres of make-up water every hour for evaporative cooling.
A 700 megawatt coal-fired power plant would need about twenty times as much water if cooled by river water.
The centrifugal governor was adopted by James Watt for use on a steam engine in 1788.
James Watt had a partner named Boulton.
Boulton saw a centrifugal governor at a flour mill.
Boulton & Watt were building the flour mill.
The governor could not actually hold a set speed.
The governor would assume a new constant speed in response to load changes.
The governor was able to handle smaller variations.
Smaller variations were caused by fluctuating heat load to the boiler.
There was a tendency for oscillation.
The tendency for oscillation occurred whenever there was a speed change.
Engines equipped only with this governor were not suitable for operations requiring constant speed.
Cotton spinning is an operation that requires constant speed.
The governor was improved over time.
The governor was coupled with variable steam cut off.
Good speed control in response to changes in load was attainable near the end of the 19th century.
The adoption of compounding was common for industrial units.
The adoption of compounding was common for road engines.
The adoption of compounding was almost universal for marine engines after 1880.
The adoption of compounding was not universally popular in railway locomotives.
The adoption of compounding in railway locomotives was often perceived as complicated.
The harsh railway operating environment contributes to the situation.
The limited space afforded by the loading gauge contributes to the situation.
The loading gauge is particularly limited in Britain.
Compounding was never common in Britain.
Compounding was not employed in Britain after 1930.
The subject was never in the majority.
The subject was popular in many other countries.
The simplest valve gears give events of fixed length during the engine cycle.
The simplest valve gears often make the engine rotate in only one direction.
Most mechanisms have a reversing mechanism.
The reversing mechanism can provide means for saving steam.
Speed and momentum are gained by gradually shortening the cutoff.
Shortening the cutoff refers to shortening the admission event.
Shortening the admission event proportionately lengthens the expansion period.
One and the same valve usually controls both steam flows.
A short cutoff at admission adversely affects the exhaust period.
A short cutoff at admission adversely affects the compression period.
The exhaust and compression periods should ideally always be kept fairly constant.
If the exhaust event is too brief, the totality of the exhaust steam cannot evacuate the cylinder.
The inability to evacuate the cylinder chokes the cylinder.
Choking the cylinder gives excessive compression.
Excessive compression is referred to as 'kick back'.
Using boiling water to produce mechanical motion goes back over 2000 years.
Early devices that used boiling water to produce mechanical motion were not practical.
Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont was a Spanish inventor.
Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606.
In 1698, Thomas Savery patented a steam pump.
The steam pump used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped.
Savery's steam pump used condensing steam to create a vacuum.
The vacuum created by Savery's steam pump drew water into a chamber.
Savery's steam pump applied pressurized steam to further pump the water.
Thomas Newcomen's atmospheric engine was the first commercial true steam engine using a piston.
Thomas Newcomen's atmospheric engine was used in 1712 for pumping in a mine.
A steam turbine consists of one or more rotors.
The rotors are rotating discs.
The rotors are mounted on a drive shaft.
The steam turbine alternates rotors with a series of stators.
The stators are static discs.
The stators are fixed to the turbine casing.
The rotors have a propeller-like arrangement of blades.
The arrangement of blades is located at the outer edge of the rotors.
Steam acts upon the blades.
The action of steam upon the blades produces rotary motion.
The stator consists of a series of blades.
The series of blades is similar to the rotor blades.
The series of blades is fixed.
The series of blades serves to redirect the steam flow.
The steam flow is redirected onto the next rotor stage.
A steam turbine often exhausts into a surface condenser.
A surface condenser provides a vacuum.
The stages of a steam turbine are typically arranged to extract the maximum potential work from a specific velocity of steam.
The stages of a steam turbine are typically arranged to extract the maximum potential work from a specific pressure of steam.
The arrangement of the stages gives rise to a series of variably sized high-pressure stages.
The arrangement of the stages gives rise to a series of variably sized low-pressure stages.
Turbines are only efficient if turbines rotate at relatively high speed.
Turbines are usually connected to reduction gearing.
Reduction gearing is used to drive lower speed applications.
An example of a lower speed application is a ship's propeller.
In the vast majority of large electric generating stations, turbines are directly connected to generators.
There is no reduction gearing in the connection between turbines and generators in the vast majority of large electric generating stations.
Typical speeds are 3600 revolutions per minute in the USA.
The USA uses 60 Hertz power.
Typical speeds are 3000 revolutions per minute in Europe.
Europe has 50 Hertz electric power systems.
Other countries have 50 Hertz electric power systems.
In nuclear power applications, the turbines typically run at half the speeds of 3600 RPM and 3000 RPM.
The typical speed of turbines in nuclear power applications is 1800 RPM.
The typical speed of turbines in nuclear power applications is 1500 RPM.
A turbine rotor is capable of providing power when rotating in one direction.
A turbine rotor is only capable of providing power when rotating in one direction.
A reversing stage is usually required where power is required in the opposite direction.
A gearbox is usually required where power is required in the opposite direction.
The weight of boilers generally makes the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant lower than for internal combustion engines.
The weight of condensers generally makes the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant lower than for internal combustion engines.
The power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant is lower than the power-to-weight ratio of internal combustion engines.
For mobile applications, steam has been largely superseded by internal combustion engines.
For mobile applications, steam has been largely superseded by electric motors.
Most electric power is generated using steam turbine plants.
The world's industry is still dependent on steam power indirectly.
Recent concerns about fuel sources have incited a renewed interest in steam.
Recent concerns about pollution have incited a renewed interest in steam.
Steam is a component of cogeneration processes.
Steam is a prime mover.
The Advanced Steam movement is becoming known.
It is possible to use a mechanism based on a pistonless rotary engine.
The Wankel engine is an example of a pistonless rotary engine.
The mechanism based on a pistonless rotary engine can be used in place of the cylinders of a conventional reciprocating steam engine.
The mechanism based on a pistonless rotary engine can be used in place of the valve gear of a conventional reciprocating steam engine.
Many engines have been designed from the time of James Watt to the present day.
Relatively few engines were actually built.
Even fewer engines went into quantity production.
There is a link at the bottom of the article for more details.
The major problem is the difficulty of sealing the rotors.
The sealing of the rotors needs to be steam-tight.
The sealing of the rotors faces challenges due to wear.
The sealing of the rotors faces challenges due to thermal expansion.
The resulting leakage from the rotors made the rotors very inefficient.
The lack of expansive working is a serious problem with many such designs.
The lack of any means of control of the cutoff is a serious problem with many such designs.
The next major step occurred when James Watt developed an improved version of Newcomen's engine.
James Watt developed the improved version of Newcomen's engine between 1763 and 1775.
The improved version of Newcomen's engine had a separate condenser.
Boulton and Watt's early engines used half as much coal as John Smeaton's improved version of Newcomen's engines.
Newcomen's early engines were atmospheric.
Watt's early engines were atmospheric.
The system was powered by air pressure.
Air pressure pushed a piston into a partial vacuum.
The partial vacuum was generated by condensing steam.
The system did not rely on the pressure of expanding steam.
The engine cylinders had to be large.
The only usable force acting on the engine cylinders was due to atmospheric pressure.
Steam engines frequently possess two independent mechanisms for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high.
One mechanism for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high may be adjusted by the user.
The second mechanism for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high is typically designed as an ultimate fail-safe.
Safety valves traditionally used a simple lever.
The simple lever was used to restrain a plug valve.
The plug valve was located in the top of a boiler.
One end of the lever carried a weight or spring.
The weight or spring restrained the valve against steam pressure.
Early valves could be adjusted by engine drivers.
The adjustment of early valves led to many accidents.
A driver could fasten the valve down to allow greater steam pressure.
Fastening the valve down allowed more power from the engine.
The more recent type of safety valve uses an adjustable spring-loaded valve.
The adjustable spring-loaded valve is locked.
Operators may not tamper with the adjustment of the adjustable spring-loaded valve.
Operators may tamper with the adjustment of the adjustable spring-loaded valve only if a seal is illegally broken.
The arrangement is considerably safer.
The acme of the horizontal engine was the Corliss steam engine.
The Corliss steam engine was patented in 1849.
The Corliss steam engine was a four-valve counter flow engine.
The Corliss steam engine had separate steam admission and exhaust valves.
The Corliss steam engine had automatic variable steam cutoff.
Corliss was given the Rumford medal.
The committee made a statement regarding Corliss's achievement.
The committee said that no one invention since James Watt's time has so enhanced the efficiency of the steam engine.
James Watt was an inventor known for his work on the steam engine.
The system used 30% less steam.
The system provided more uniform speed due to variable steam cut off.
The system was well suited to manufacturing.
The system was especially well suited to cotton spinning.
The steam engine contributed much to the development of thermodynamic theory.
The only applications of scientific theory that influenced the steam engine were the original concepts of harnessing the power of steam and atmospheric pressure.
The only applications of scientific theory that influenced the steam engine were knowledge of properties of heat and steam.
The experimental measurements were made by James Watt on a model steam engine.
The experimental measurements led to the development of the separate condenser.
Watt independently discovered latent heat.
The discovery of latent heat was confirmed by Joseph Black.
Joseph Black was the original discoverer of latent heat.
Joseph Black advised Watt on experimental procedures.
Watt was aware of the change in the boiling point of water with pressure.
The improvements to the engine itself were more mechanical in nature.
The thermodynamic concepts of the Rankine cycle provided engineers with the understanding needed to calculate efficiency.
The understanding of efficiency aided the development of modern high-pressure boilers.
The understanding of efficiency aided the development of modern high-temperature boilers.
The understanding of efficiency aided the development of the steam turbine.
One of the principal advantages the Rankine cycle holds over other cycles is that relatively little work is required to drive the pump during the compression stage.
The working fluid is in its liquid phase during the compression stage of the Rankine cycle.
By condensing the fluid, the work required by the pump consumes only 1% to 3% of the turbine power.
The work required by the pump contributes to a much higher efficiency for a real cycle.
The benefit of the lower heat addition temperature is lost somewhat.
Gas turbines have turbine entry temperatures approaching 1500 °C.
The efficiencies of actual large steam cycles are fairly well matched to the efficiencies of large modern gas turbines.
Other components are often present in the system.
Pumps are often present in the system.
An injector is a type of pump that supplies water to the boiler during operation.
Condensers are often present in the system.
Condensers recirculate the water.
Condensers recover the latent heat of vaporisation.
Superheaters are often present in the system.
Superheaters raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point.
Various mechanisms are often present in the system.
Various mechanisms increase the draft for fireboxes.
When coal is used, a chain or screw stoking mechanism may be included.
A drive engine or motor may be included to move the fuel from a supply bin to the firebox.
The supply bin is also known as a bunker.
The term 'Mechanical stoker' refers to a device used to automate the feeding of fuel to a furnace.
Mechanical stokers are commonly used in industrial applications.
Land-based steam engines could exhaust much of their steam.
Feed water was usually readily available.
Prior to World War I, the expansion engine dominated marine applications.
During World War I, the expansion engine dominated marine applications.
High vessel speed was not essential in marine applications.
The British invention of the steam turbine superseded the previous technology.
The steam turbine was required where speed was necessary.
Warships required speed.
Dreadnought battleships were a type of warship.
Ocean liners required speed.
HMS Dreadnought of 1905 was the first major warship.
HMS Dreadnought of 1905 replaced the proven technology of the reciprocating engine.
HMS Dreadnought of 1905 used the then-novel steam turbine.
Virtually all nuclear power plants generate electricity.
Nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water.
Heating water provides steam.
Steam drives a turbine.
The turbine is connected to an electrical generator.
Nuclear-powered ships and submarines either use a steam turbine directly for main propulsion.
Generators provide auxiliary power for nuclear-powered ships and submarines.
Nuclear-powered ships and submarines may employ turbo-electric transmission.
In turbo-electric transmission, steam drives a turbo generator set.
In turbo-electric transmission, propulsion is provided by electric motors.
A limited number of steam turbine railroad locomotives were manufactured.
Some non-condensing direct-drive locomotives met with some success for long haul freight operations in Sweden.
Some non-condensing direct-drive locomotives met with some success for express passenger work in Britain.
Some non-condensing direct-drive locomotives were not repeated.
Elsewhere refers to a location that is different from the current context.
Notably indicates that the following information is significant.
The U refers to the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
More advanced designs with electric transmission were built experimentally.
The advanced designs with electric transmission were not reproduced.
Steam turbines were not ideally suited to the railroad environment.
The locomotives that used steam turbines failed to oust the classic reciprocating steam unit.
Modern diesel traction has ousted the classic reciprocating steam unit.
Modern electric traction has ousted the classic reciprocating steam unit.
The Rankine cycle is sometimes referred to as a practical Carnot cycle.
An efficient turbine is used in the Rankine cycle.
The TS diagram of the Rankine cycle begins to resemble the Carnot cycle when an efficient turbine is used.
The main difference between the Rankine cycle and the theoretical Carnot cycle is the nature of heat addition and rejection processes.
Heat addition occurs in the boiler of the Rankine cycle.
Heat rejection occurs in the condenser of the Rankine cycle.
Heat addition and rejection are isobaric processes in the Rankine cycle.
Isobaric processes are characterized by constant pressure.
Heat addition and rejection are isothermal processes in the theoretical Carnot cycle.
Isothermal processes are characterized by constant temperature.
In this cycle, a pump is used to pressurize the working fluid.
The working fluid is received from the condenser.
The working fluid is received from the condenser as a liquid.
The working fluid is not received from the condenser as a gas.
Pumping the working fluid in liquid form during the cycle requires a small fraction of the energy to transport the working fluid.
The energy needed to compress the working fluid in gaseous form in a compressor is greater than the energy required to pump the working fluid in liquid form.
The Carnot cycle involves compressing the working fluid in gaseous form in a compressor.
The cycle of a reciprocating steam engine differs from the cycle of turbines.
The difference in the cycles is due to condensation occurring in the cylinder.
The difference in the cycles is due to re-evaporation occurring in the cylinder.
The difference in the cycles is due to condensation occurring in the steam inlet passages.
The difference in the cycles is due to re-evaporation occurring in the steam inlet passages.
Oxygen is a chemical element.
Oxygen has the symbol O.
Oxygen has the atomic number 8.
The entity referred to is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table.
The entity is a highly reactive nonmetal.
The entity is an oxidizing agent.
The entity readily forms compounds with most elements.
Notably, the entity forms oxides with most elements.
Oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe by mass.
Hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe.
Helium is the second-most abundant element in the universe.
At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen.
Dioxygen is a colorless and odorless diatomic gas.
The chemical formula for dioxygen is O2.
Diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.
8% is a percentage of the Earth's atmosphere.
The Earth's atmosphere is the layer of gases surrounding the planet Earth.
Monitoring of atmospheric oxygen levels shows a global downward trend.
The global downward trend in atmospheric oxygen levels is caused by fossil-fuel burning.
Oxygen is the most abundant element by mass in the Earth's crust.
Oxygen is part of oxide compounds such as silicon dioxide.
Silicon dioxide makes up almost half of the Earth's crust's mass.
Many major classes of organic molecules exist in living organisms.
The major classes of organic molecules include proteins.
The major classes of organic molecules include nucleic acids.
The major classes of organic molecules include carbohydrates.
The major classes of organic molecules include fats.
Many major classes of organic molecules contain oxygen.
Major inorganic compounds are constituents of animal shells.
Major inorganic compounds are constituents of animal teeth.
Major inorganic compounds are constituents of animal bone.
Major inorganic compounds also contain oxygen.
Most of the mass of living organisms is oxygen.
Oxygen is a part of water.
Water is the major constituent of lifeforms.
Oxygen is used in cellular respiration.
Oxygen is released by photosynthesis.
Photosynthesis uses the energy of sunlight.
Photosynthesis produces oxygen from water.
The substance is too chemically reactive to remain a free element in air.
The substance must be continuously replenished by the photosynthetic action of living organisms.
Another form of oxygen is ozone.
Ozone is represented by the chemical formula O3.
Ozone strongly absorbs UVB radiation.
The high-altitude ozone layer helps protect the biosphere from ultraviolet radiation.
Ozone is a pollutant near the surface.
Ozone is a by-product of smog.
At even higher low earth orbit altitudes, sufficient atomic oxygen is present.
Sufficient atomic oxygen can cause erosion for spacecraft.
Robert Boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion.
The time period was the late 17th century.
John Mayow was an English chemist.
John Mayow lived from 1641 to 1679.
John Mayow refined the work on fire.
John Mayow showed that fire requires only a part of air.
John Mayow called the part of air that fire requires spiritus nitroaereus.
John Mayow also referred to spiritus nitroaereus as just nitroaereus.
In one experiment, a researcher found that placing a mouse in a closed container over water caused the water to rise.
In one experiment, a researcher found that placing a lit candle in a closed container over water caused the water to rise.
The water rose and replaced one-fourteenth of the air's volume before extinguishing the subjects.
From this, the individual surmised that nitroaereus is consumed in respiration.
From this, the individual surmised that nitroaereus is consumed in combustion.
On August 1, 1774, an experiment was conducted by the British clergyman Joseph Priestley.
The experiment focused sunlight on mercuric oxide (HgO) inside a glass tube.
The experiment liberated a gas.
Joseph Priestley named the liberated gas 'dephlogisticated air'.
He noted that candles burned brighter in the gas.
A mouse was more active while breathing the gas.
A mouse lived longer while breathing the gas.
He breathed the gas himself.
He wrote a statement about his experience with the gas.
The feeling of the gas to his lungs was not sensibly different from that of common air.
He fancied that his breast felt peculiarly light and easy for some time afterwards.
Priestley published his findings in 1775.
Priestley published his findings in a paper titled 'An Account of Further Discoveries in Air'.
The paper titled 'An Account of Further Discoveries in Air' was included in the second volume of Priestley's book.
Priestley's book is titled 'Experiments and Observations on Different Kinds of Air'.
Priestley published his findings first.
Priestley is usually given priority in the discovery.
One of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air was conducted by Philo of Byzantium.
Philo of Byzantium was a Greek writer on mechanics.
Philo of Byzantium lived in the 2nd century BCE.
Philo wrote a work titled Pneumatica.
Philo observed that inverting a vessel over a burning candle resulted in some water rising into the neck of the vessel.
Philo observed that surrounding the vessel's neck with water resulted in some water rising into the neck of the vessel.
Philo incorrectly surmised that parts of the air in the vessel were converted into the classical element fire.
Philo believed that the classical element fire was able to escape through pores in the glass.
Many centuries later, Leonardo da Vinci built on the work of Philo.
Leonardo da Vinci observed that a portion of air is consumed during combustion.
Leonardo da Vinci observed that a portion of air is consumed during respiration.
Highly concentrated sources of oxygen promote rapid combustion.
Fire and explosion hazards exist when concentrated oxidants and fuels are brought into close proximity.
An ignition event is needed to trigger combustion.
An ignition event can be heat.
An ignition event can be a spark.
Oxygen is the oxidant.
Oxygen is not the fuel.
Oxygen is the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion.
Combustion hazards apply to compounds of oxygen with a high oxidative potential.
Examples of compounds of oxygen with a high oxidative potential include peroxides, chlorates, nitrates, perchlorates, and dichromates.
Compounds of oxygen with a high oxidative potential can donate oxygen to a fire.
Concentrated O2 will allow combustion to proceed rapidly.
Concentrated O2 will allow combustion to proceed energetically.
Steel pipes are used to store gaseous oxygen.
Steel pipes are used to transmit gaseous oxygen.
Storage vessels are used to store liquid oxygen.
Storage vessels are used to transmit liquid oxygen.
Steel pipes and storage vessels will act as a fuel.
The design of O2 systems requires special training.
The manufacture of O2 systems requires special training.
Special training is required to ensure that ignition sources are minimized.
The fire killed the Apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test.
The fire spread rapidly.
The capsule was pressurized with pure oxygen.
The capsule was pressurized at slightly more than atmospheric pressure.
The normal pressure that would be used in a mission is 1/3 of atmospheric pressure.
Oxygen is present in the atmosphere in trace quantities.
Oxygen is in the form of carbon dioxide.
Carbon dioxide is represented by the chemical formula CO2.
The Earth's crustal rock is composed in large part of oxides of silicon.
Silica is represented by the chemical formula SiO2.
Silica is found in granite.
Silica is found in quartz.
The Earth's crustal rock is composed in large part of oxides of aluminium.
Aluminium oxide is represented by the chemical formula Al2O3.
Aluminium oxide is found in bauxite.
Aluminium oxide is found in corundum.
The Earth's crustal rock is composed in large part of oxides of iron.
Iron(III) oxide is represented by the chemical formula Fe2O3.
Iron(III) oxide is found in hematite.
Iron(III) oxide is found in rust.
The Earth's crustal rock is composed in large part of calcium carbonate.
Calcium carbonate is found in limestone.
The rest of the Earth's crust is made of oxygen compounds.
The oxygen compounds in the Earth's crust include various complex silicates.
Complex silicates are found in silicate minerals.
The Earth's mantle has a much larger mass than the crust.
The Earth's mantle is largely composed of silicates.
The silicates in the Earth's mantle contain magnesium.
The silicates in the Earth's mantle contain iron.
John Dalton's original atomic hypothesis assumed that all elements were monatomic.
John Dalton's original atomic hypothesis assumed that the atoms in compounds would normally have the simplest atomic ratios with respect to one another.
Dalton assumed that the formula for water was HO.
Dalton's assumption gave the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen.
The modern value for the atomic mass of oxygen is about 16.
In 1805, Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen.
In 1805, Alexander von Humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen.
Amedeo Avogadro arrived at the correct interpretation of water's composition by 1811.
Amedeo Avogadro's interpretation of water's composition was based on what is now called Avogadro's law.
Amedeo Avogadro's interpretation of water's composition was based on the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules.
Highly combustible materials leave little residue.
Examples of highly combustible materials include wood and coal.
Highly combustible materials were thought to be made mostly of phlogiston.
Non-combustible substances corrode.
An example of a non-combustible substance is iron.
Non-combustible substances contained very little phlogiston.
Air did not play a role in phlogiston theory.
No initial quantitative experiments were conducted to test the idea of phlogiston theory.
Phlogiston theory was based on observations of what happens when something burns.
Most common objects appear to become lighter when they burn.
Most common objects seem to lose something in the process of burning.
A substance like wood gains overall weight in burning.
The buoyancy of the gaseous combustion products hid the fact that wood gains overall weight in burning.
One of the first clues that the phlogiston theory was incorrect was that metals gain weight in rusting.
Metals were supposedly losing phlogiston during rusting.
In this dioxygen, the two oxygen atoms are chemically bonded to each other.
Dioxygen consists of two oxygen atoms.
The bond can be variously described based on the level of theory.
The bond can be reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond.
The covalent double bond results from the filling of molecular orbitals.
The molecular orbitals are formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms.
The filling of the molecular orbitals results in a bond order of two.
The double bond is the result of sequential filling of orbitals.
The filling of orbitals occurs from low energy to high energy.
The filling of orbitals is referred to as Aufbau filling.
The resulting cancellation of contributions occurs from the 2s electrons.
The cancellation occurs after sequential filling of the low σ and σ* orbitals.
There is σ overlap of the two atomic 2p orbitals that lie along the O-O molecular axis.
There is π overlap of two pairs of atomic 2p orbitals that are perpendicular to the O-O molecular axis.
There is cancellation of contributions from the remaining two of the six 2p electrons.
The cancellation occurs after the partial filling of the lowest π and π* orbitals.
Oxygen was discovered independently by Carl Wilhelm Scheele.
Carl Wilhelm Scheele discovered oxygen in Uppsala.
Carl Wilhelm Scheele discovered oxygen in 1773 or earlier.
Oxygen was discovered independently by Joseph Priestley.
Joseph Priestley discovered oxygen in Wiltshire.
Joseph Priestley discovered oxygen in 1774.
Joseph Priestley is often given priority in the discovery of oxygen.
Joseph Priestley is often given priority because his work was published first.
The name oxygen was coined in 1777.
Antoine Lavoisier coined the name oxygen.
Antoine Lavoisier conducted experiments with oxygen.
Antoine Lavoisier's experiments with oxygen helped to discredit the phlogiston theory of combustion.
The phlogiston theory of combustion was then-popular.
Antoine Lavoisier's experiments with oxygen also helped to discredit the phlogiston theory of corrosion.
The phlogiston theory of corrosion was then-popular.
The name of the substance derives from the Greek roots ὀξύς oxys and -γενής -genes.
The Greek root ὀξύς oxys means 'acid' and literally means 'sharp'.
The term 'sharp' refers to the sour taste of acids.
The Greek root -γενής -genes means 'producer' and literally means 'begetter'.
At the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition.
Common uses of oxygen include the production cycle of steel.
Common uses of oxygen include the production cycle of plastics.
Common uses of oxygen include the production cycle of textiles.
Common uses of oxygen include brazing of steels and other metals.
Common uses of oxygen include welding of steels and other metals.
Common uses of oxygen include cutting of steels and other metals.
Common uses of oxygen include rocket propellant.
Common uses of oxygen include oxygen therapy.
Common uses of oxygen include life support systems in aircraft.
Common uses of oxygen include life support systems in submarines.
Common uses of oxygen include life support systems in spaceflight.
Common uses of oxygen include life support systems in diving.
The combination of cancellations and σ overlaps results in dioxygen's double bond character.
The combination of cancellations and σ overlaps results in dioxygen's reactivity.
The combination of cancellations and π overlaps results in dioxygen's double bond character.
The combination of cancellations and π overlaps results in dioxygen's reactivity.
The combination of cancellations and σ and π overlaps results in a triplet electronic ground state.
An electron configuration can have two unpaired electrons.
Dioxygen has an electron configuration with two unpaired electrons.
The filled π* orbitals are found in dioxygen.
The orbitals that are filled are of equal energy.
A configuration is termed a spin triplet state.
The configuration is degenerate.
The ground state of the O2 molecule is referred to as triplet oxygen.
The highest energy orbitals are partially filled.
The highest energy, partially filled orbitals are antibonding.
The filling of antibonding orbitals weakens the bond order.
The bond order is weakened from three to two.
Triplet oxygen has unpaired electrons.
Triplet oxygen reacts only slowly with most organic molecules.
Most organic molecules have paired electron spins.
The slow reaction of triplet oxygen with most organic molecules prevents spontaneous combustion.
In one experiment, Antoine Lavoisier observed that there was no overall increase in weight.
Antoine Lavoisier observed that tin and air were heated in a closed container.
He noted that air rushed in when He opened the container.
The rushing air indicated that part of the trapped air had been consumed.
He noted that the tin had increased in weight.
The increase in weight of the tin was the same as the weight of the air that rushed back in.
This and other experiments on combustion were documented in a book titled Sur la combustion en général.
Sur la combustion en général was published in 1777.
In that work, the unnamed individual proved that air is a mixture of two gases.
One of the gases is 'vital air'.
'Vital air' is essential to combustion.
'Vital air' is essential to respiration.
The other gas is azote.
ἄζωτον means lifeless.
ἄζωτον did not support either.
Azote later became nitrogen in English.
Azote has kept the name in French.
Azote has kept the name in several other European languages.
Trioxygen is usually known as ozone.
Trioxygen has the chemical formula O3.
Ozone is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen.
Ozone is damaging to lung tissue.
Ozone is produced in the upper atmosphere.
Ozone is produced when O2 combines with atomic oxygen.
Atomic oxygen is made by the splitting of O2.
O2 is split by ultraviolet (UV) radiation.
Ozone absorbs strongly in the UV region of the spectrum.
The ozone layer of the upper atmosphere functions as a protective radiation shield for the planet.
Near the Earth's surface, there is a pollutant.
The pollutant is formed as a by-product of automobile exhaust.
The metastable molecule tetraoxygen was discovered in 2001.
Tetraoxygen is represented by the chemical formula O4.
Tetraoxygen was assumed to exist in one of the six phases of solid oxygen.
It was proven in 2006 that a specific phase is a rhombohedral O8 cluster.
The specific phase was created by pressurizing O2 to 20 GPa.
This cluster has the potential to be a much more powerful oxidizer than O2.
This cluster has the potential to be a much more powerful oxidizer than O3.
This cluster may therefore be used in rocket fuel.
A metallic phase was discovered in 1990.
The metallic phase was discovered when solid oxygen is subjected to a pressure of above 96 GPa.
It was shown in 1998 that the metallic phase becomes superconducting at very low temperatures.
The common allotrope of elemental oxygen on Earth is called dioxygen.
Dioxygen is represented by the chemical formula O2.
The form is a major part of the Earth's atmosphere.
The form is referenced in the section titled Occurrence.
O2 has a bond length of 121 pm.
O2 has a bond energy of 498 kJ·mol−1.
The bond energy of O2 is smaller than the energy of other double bonds in the biosphere.
The bond energy of O2 is smaller than the energy of pairs of single bonds in the biosphere.
The bond energy of O2 is responsible for the exothermic reaction of O2 with any organic molecule.
O2 has energy content.
O2 is used by complex forms of life.
Complex forms of life include animals.
O2 is used in cellular respiration.
Other aspects of O2 are covered in the remainder of this article.
In 1891, James Dewar was a Scottish chemist.
James Dewar was able to produce enough liquid oxygen.
James Dewar produced enough liquid oxygen to study.
The first commercially viable process for producing liquid oxygen was developed in 1895.
The process for producing liquid oxygen was developed independently by Carl von Linde.
Carl von Linde was a German engineer.
The process for producing liquid oxygen was developed independently by William Hampson.
William Hampson was a British engineer.
Both men lowered the temperature of air until the air liquefied.
Both men distilled the component gases by boiling the component gases off one at a time.
Both men captured the component gases after boiling them off.
Oxyacetylene welding was demonstrated for the first time in 1901.
Oxyacetylene welding was demonstrated by burning a mixture of acetylene and compressed oxygen.
This method of welding and cutting metal became common later.
Oxygen is more soluble in water.
Nitrogen is less soluble in water than oxygen.
Water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 1 molecule of dissolved O2.
Water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 2 molecules of N2.
The ratio of dissolved O2 to dissolved N2 in water is approximately 1:2.
The atmospheric ratio of O2 to N2 is approximately 1:4.
The solubility of oxygen in water is temperature-dependent.
About twice as much oxygen can dissolve in water at lower temperatures.
6 mg·L−1 dissolves at 0 °C.
6 mg·L−1 dissolves at 20 °C.
6 mg·L−1 dissolves more at 20 °C than at 0 °C.
6 mg·L−1 is a measurement of concentration.
6 mg represents the mass of a substance.
L−1 represents the volume of solution in liters.
The temperature is 25 °C.
The pressure is 1 standard atmosphere.
1 standard atmosphere is equivalent to 101 kPa.
Air has a pressure of 3 kPa.
Freshwater contains about 6 units of a certain substance.
04 milliliters of oxygen is present per liter.
Seawater contains about 4 milliliters of oxygen.
95 mL is a measurement of volume.
1 liter is a measurement of volume.
95 mL per liter indicates a ratio of 95 mL for every 1 liter.
At 5 °C, the solubility increases.
The solubility increases to 9.
0 mL is a measurement of volume.
0 mL is 50% more than the volume at 25 °C.
The measurement is per liter for water.
7 is a numerical value.
2 mL is the amount of substance per liter for sea water.
2 mL represents a 45% increase compared to a baseline measurement.
Oxygen is the most abundant chemical element by mass in the Earth's biosphere.
Oxygen is the most abundant chemical element by mass in the Earth's air.
Oxygen is the most abundant chemical element by mass in the Earth's sea.
Oxygen is the most abundant chemical element by mass in the Earth's land.
Oxygen is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe.
Hydrogen is the most abundant chemical element in the universe.
Helium is the second most abundant chemical element in the universe.
9% of the Sun's mass is oxygen.
Oxygen constitutes 49.
2% of the Earth's crust is composed of a specific substance by mass.
The specific substance is the major component of the world's oceans.
The world's oceans contain 88 of the specific substance.
8% is a measurement of mass.
8% by mass indicates a concentration or proportion of a substance.
Oxygen gas is the second most common component of the Earth's atmosphere.
Oxygen gas takes up 20 percent of the Earth's atmosphere.
8% is a percentage of a certain volume.
23 is a numerical value.
1% of the mass is equivalent to some 1015 tonnes.
The mass is a measurable quantity.
Earth is unusual among the planets of the Solar System.
Earth has a high concentration of oxygen gas in its atmosphere.
Mars has a low concentration of oxygen gas in its atmosphere.
1% O refers to a concentration of oxygen.
The concentration of oxygen is 1% by volume.
Venus has far lower concentrations of oxygen.
The O2 surrounding these other planets is produced by ultraviolet radiation.
Ultraviolet radiation impacts oxygen-containing molecules.
Oxygen-containing molecules include carbon dioxide.
By the late 19th century, scientists realized that air could be liquefied.
Air could be liquefied by compressing and cooling it.
Scientists realized that the components of air could be isolated.
The components of air could be isolated by compressing and cooling air.
Raoul Pierre Pictet was a Swiss chemist and physicist.
Raoul Pierre Pictet used a cascade method.
Raoul Pierre Pictet evaporated liquid sulfur dioxide.
Raoul Pierre Pictet evaporated liquid sulfur dioxide in order to liquefy carbon dioxide.
Carbon dioxide was liquefied by Raoul Pierre Pictet.
Carbon dioxide was evaporated by Raoul Pierre Pictet.
Raoul Pierre Pictet evaporated carbon dioxide to cool oxygen gas.
Oxygen gas was cooled enough to liquefy it by Raoul Pierre Pictet.
He sent a telegram on December 22, 1877.
The telegram was sent to the French Academy of Sciences.
The French Academy of Sciences is located in Paris.
The telegram announced his discovery of liquid oxygen.
Just two days later, Louis Paul Cailletet announced his own method of liquefying molecular oxygen.
Louis Paul Cailletet was a French physicist.
Only a few drops of the liquid were produced in either case.
No meaningful analysis could be conducted.
Oxygen was liquified in a stable state for the first time on March 29, 1883.
Zygmunt Wróblewski was a Polish scientist.
Karol Olszewski was a Polish scientist.
Zygmunt Wróblewski and Karol Olszewski were from Jagiellonian University.
Planetary geologists have measured different abundances of oxygen isotopes in samples from the Earth.
Planetary geologists have measured different abundances of oxygen isotopes in samples from the Moon.
Planetary geologists have measured different abundances of oxygen isotopes in samples from Mars.
Planetary geologists have measured different abundances of oxygen isotopes in samples from meteorites.
Planetary geologists were long unable to obtain reference values for the isotope ratios in the Sun.
The Sun is believed to have the same isotope ratios as those of the primordial solar nebula.
An analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space has been conducted.
The silicon wafer was returned by the crashed Genesis spacecraft.
The analysis has shown that the Sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the Earth.
The measurement implies that an unknown process depleted oxygen-16 from the Sun's disk of protoplanetary material.
The depletion of oxygen-16 occurred prior to the coalescence of dust grains.
The coalescence of dust grains formed the Earth.
Singlet oxygen is a name given to several higher-energy species of molecular O2.
In singlet oxygen, all the electron spins are paired.
The substance is much more reactive towards common organic molecules.
Molecular oxygen per se is less reactive towards common organic molecules.
Singlet oxygen is commonly formed from water in nature.
Singlet oxygen is formed during photosynthesis.
Photosynthesis uses the energy of sunlight.
Ozone is produced in the troposphere by the photolysis of ozone by light of short wavelength.
The immune system produces ozone as a source of active oxygen.
Carotenoids in photosynthetic organisms play a major role in absorbing energy from singlet oxygen.
Carotenoids possibly also play a major role in absorbing energy from singlet oxygen in animals.
Carotenoids convert singlet oxygen to the unexcited ground state.
The conversion of singlet oxygen to the unexcited ground state occurs before singlet oxygen can cause harm to tissues.
Paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells of marine organisms.
Paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the skeletons of marine organisms.
Paleoclimatologists determine what the climate was like millions of years ago.
The measurement of the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 is related to the oxygen isotope ratio cycle.
Seawater molecules that contain the lighter isotope, oxygen-16, evaporate at a slightly faster rate than water molecules containing the heavier isotope, oxygen-18.
Oxygen-18 is 12% heavier than oxygen-16.
The disparity in evaporation rates increases at lower temperatures.
During periods of lower global temperatures, snow and rain from evaporated water tends to be higher in oxygen-16.
The seawater left behind tends to be higher in oxygen-18.
Marine organisms incorporate more oxygen-18 into their skeletons and shells than they would in a warmer climate.
Marine organisms incorporate oxygen-18 into their skeletons and shells.
Paleoclimatologists directly measure the ratio in the water molecules of ice core samples.
The ice core samples are up to several hundreds of thousands of years old.
Oxygen presents two spectrophotometric absorption bands.
The first absorption band peaks at the wavelength of 687 nm.
The second absorption band peaks at the wavelength of 760 nm.
Some remote sensing scientists have proposed using the measurement of the radiance coming from vegetation canopies.
The measurement of the radiance coming from vegetation canopies is proposed to characterize plant health status.
The characterization of plant health status is proposed to be done from a satellite platform.
This approach exploits the fact that it is possible to discriminate the vegetation's reflectance from its fluorescence in those bands.
The vegetation's reflectance is much stronger than its fluorescence.
The measurement is technically difficult.
The technical difficulty of the measurement is owing to the low signal-to-noise ratio.
The technical difficulty of the measurement is owing to the physical structure of vegetation.
The measurement has been proposed as a possible method of monitoring the carbon cycle from satellites.
The proposed method of monitoring the carbon cycle is intended to be used on a global scale.
O2 molecules are paramagnetic.
O2 molecules exist in triplet form.
The presence of a magnetic field imparts magnetic character to oxygen.
The spin magnetic moments of the unpaired electrons in the oxygen molecule contribute to its magnetic character.
The negative exchange energy exists between neighboring O2 molecules.
Liquid oxygen is attracted to a magnet.
The attraction of liquid oxygen to a magnet is sufficient.
In laboratory demonstrations, a bridge of liquid oxygen may be supported against its own weight.
The bridge of liquid oxygen is supported between the poles of a powerful magnet.
Reactive oxygen species are dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms.
Superoxide ion is a type of reactive oxygen species.
Hydrogen peroxide is a type of reactive oxygen species.
Parts of the immune system of higher organisms create peroxide.
Parts of the immune system of higher organisms create superoxide.
Parts of the immune system of higher organisms create singlet oxygen.
Peroxide is created to destroy invading microbes.
Superoxide is created to destroy invading microbes.
Singlet oxygen is created to destroy invading microbes.
Reactive oxygen species play an important role in the hypersensitive response of plants.
The hypersensitive response of plants occurs against pathogen attack.
Oxygen is toxic to obligately anaerobic organisms.
Obligately anaerobic organisms were the dominant form of early life on Earth.
Oxygen began to accumulate in the atmosphere about 2 billion years ago.
5 billion years ago, the Great Oxygenation Event occurred.
The Great Oxygenation Event occurred about a billion years after the first appearance of these organisms.
Oxygen condenses at 90 degrees.
20 K is a temperature measurement.
−182 is a numerical value.
20 K represents a temperature of negative one hundred eighty-two degrees Kelvin.
95 °C is a temperature measurement.
−297 is a temperature measurement.
31 degrees Fahrenheit is a temperature.
54 degrees is a temperature.
31 degrees Fahrenheit is the freezing point of water.
36 K is a temperature measurement.
36 K is equivalent to -218 degrees Celsius.
79 °C is a temperature measurement.
−361 is a numerical value.
Both liquid O2 and solid O2 are clear substances.
Liquid O2 has a light sky-blue color.
The light sky-blue color of liquid O2 is caused by absorption in the red.
The blue color of the sky is due to Rayleigh scattering of blue light.
High-purity liquid oxygen is usually obtained by the fractional distillation of liquefied air.
Fractional distillation is a method used to separate components of a mixture based on differences in their boiling points.
Liquefied air is a mixture of gases that has been cooled to a liquid state.
Liquid oxygen may be produced by condensation out of air.
Liquid nitrogen is used as a coolant.
The substance is highly reactive.
The highly reactive substance must be segregated from combustible materials.
Free oxygen occurs in solution in the world's water bodies.
The increased solubility of O2 occurs at lower temperatures.
The increased solubility of O2 has important implications for ocean life.
Polar oceans support a much higher density of life.
The higher density of life in polar oceans is due to their higher oxygen content.
Water polluted with plant nutrients may stimulate the growth of algae.
Plant nutrients include nitrates and phosphates.
The process that stimulates the growth of algae is called eutrophication.
The decay of algae and other biomaterials may reduce amounts of oxygen in eutrophic water bodies.
Scientists assess an aspect of water quality.
Scientists measure the water's biochemical oxygen demand.
The biochemical oxygen demand is the amount of O2 needed to restore the water to a normal concentration.
Free oxygen gas was almost nonexistent in Earth's atmosphere before the evolution of photosynthetic archaea and bacteria.
Photosynthetic archaea and bacteria evolved probably about 3 billion years ago.
5 billion years ago is a time reference.
Free oxygen first appeared in significant quantities during the Paleoproterozoic eon.
The Paleoproterozoic eon occurred between 3 billion years ago and 1.6 billion years ago.
0 is a number.
2 is a number.
3 billion years ago is a specific point in time.
For the first billion years, any free oxygen produced by these organisms combined with dissolved iron in the oceans.
The combination of free oxygen and dissolved iron formed banded iron formations.
When such oxygen sinks became saturated, free oxygen began to outgas from the oceans.
Such oxygen sinks became saturated.
Free oxygen began to outgas from the oceans.
7 billion years ago, a certain event occurred.
The event reached 10% of its present level around a specific time.
7 billion years ago refers to a time period in the past.
The concentration of oxygen gas on Earth is unusually high.
The unusually high concentration of oxygen gas on Earth is the result of the oxygen cycle.
The biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen.
The movement of oxygen occurs within its three main reservoirs on Earth.
The three main reservoirs of oxygen on Earth are the atmosphere, the biosphere, and the lithosphere.
The main driving factor of the oxygen cycle is photosynthesis.
Photosynthesis is responsible for modern Earth's atmosphere.
Photosynthesis releases oxygen into the atmosphere.
Respiration removes oxygen from the atmosphere.
Decay removes oxygen from the atmosphere.
In the present equilibrium, production occurs at a rate of roughly 1/2000th of the entire atmospheric oxygen per year.
In the present equilibrium, consumption occurs at a rate of roughly 1/2000th of the entire atmospheric oxygen per year.
Production and consumption occur at the same rate in the present equilibrium.
The other major method of producing O2 gas involves passing a stream of clean, dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves.
The zeolite molecular sieves absorb nitrogen.
The zeolite molecular sieves deliver a gas stream that is 90% to 93% O2.
Nitrogen gas is released from the nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed.
The release of nitrogen gas occurs simultaneously.
The chamber operating pressure is reduced.
Part of the oxygen gas is diverted from the producer bed.
The diverted oxygen gas flows through the nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed.
The flow of the diverted oxygen gas is in the reverse direction.
After a set cycle time, the operation of the two beds is interchanged.
The interchange of the operation of the two beds allows for a continuous supply of gaseous oxygen.
Gaseous oxygen is pumped through a pipeline.
Pressure swing adsorption is a known process.
Oxygen gas is increasingly obtained by non-cryogenic technologies.
Vacuum swing adsorption is a related technology.
Oxygen gas can be produced through electrolysis of water.
Electrolysis of water results in the production of molecular oxygen.
Electrolysis of water results in the production of hydrogen.
DC electricity must be used.
If AC is used, the gases in each limb consist of hydrogen and oxygen.
The ratio of hydrogen to oxygen in the gases is 2:1.
The gases in each limb are in an explosive ratio.
The 2:1 ratio is observed in the DC electrolysis of acidified water.
The 2:1 ratio does not prove that the empirical formula of water is H2O.
Certain assumptions must be made about the molecular formulae of hydrogen and oxygen for the 2:1 ratio to prove the empirical formula of water is H2O.
A similar method is the electrocatalytic O2 evolution from oxides.
A similar method is the electrocatalytic O2 evolution from oxoacids.
Chemical catalysts can be used.
Chemical catalysts are used in chemical oxygen generators.
Chemical oxygen generators are used as part of the life-support equipment on submarines.
Oxygen candles can be used as well.
Oxygen candles are used as part of the life-support equipment on submarines.
Oxygen candles are still part of standard equipment on commercial airliners.
Oxygen candles are used in case of depressurization emergencies.
Another air separation technology involves forcing air to dissolve through ceramic membranes based on zirconium dioxide.
The ceramic membranes are based on zirconium dioxide.
The air is forced to dissolve through the ceramic membranes by either high pressure or an electric current.
The process produces nearly pure O2 gas.
Oxygen is a supposed mild euphoric.
Oxygen has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars.
Oxygen has a history of recreational use in sports.
Oxygen bars are establishments.
Oxygen bars are found in Japan.
Oxygen bars are found in California.
Oxygen bars are found in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Oxygen bars have been present since the late 1990s.
Oxygen bars offer higher than normal O2 exposure for a fee.
Professional athletes sometimes go off field between plays.
Professional athletes wear oxygen masks to get a boost in performance.
American football is a sport in which professional athletes sometimes go off field between plays.
The pharmacological effect is doubtful.
A placebo effect is a more likely explanation.
Available studies support a performance boost from enriched O2 mixtures.
The performance boost from enriched O2 mixtures occurs only if enriched O2 mixtures are breathed during aerobic exercise.
Hyperbaric medicine uses special oxygen chambers.
Special oxygen chambers increase the partial pressure of O2 around the patient.
Special oxygen chambers increase the partial pressure of O2 around the medical staff when needed.
Carbon monoxide poisoning is sometimes treated using these devices.
Gas gangrene is sometimes treated using these devices.
Decompression sickness is sometimes treated using these devices.
Decompression sickness is also known as the 'bends'.
Increased oxygen concentration in the lungs helps to displace carbon monoxide from the heme group of hemoglobin.
Increased oxygen concentration is a condition in the lungs.
Carbon monoxide is a gas that can bind to the heme group of hemoglobin.
The heme group of hemoglobin is a component of hemoglobin.
Oxygen gas is poisonous to anaerobic bacteria.
Anaerobic bacteria cause gas gangrene.
Increasing the partial pressure of oxygen gas helps kill anaerobic bacteria.
Decompression sickness occurs in divers.
Divers decompress too quickly after a dive.
Decompression too quickly after a dive results in bubbles of inert gas forming in the blood of divers.
The inert gas that forms in the blood of divers is mostly nitrogen.
The inert gas that forms in the blood of divers is mostly helium.
Increasing the pressure of O2 is part of the treatment.
The action of increasing the pressure of O2 should occur as soon as possible.
The uptake of O2 from the air is the essential purpose of respiration.
Oxygen supplementation is used in medicine.
Treatment increases oxygen levels in the patient's blood.
Treatment has a secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs.
Decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs eases the workload on the heart.
Oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema.
Oxygen therapy is used to treat pneumonia.
Oxygen therapy is used to treat some heart disorders.
Some heart disorders include congestive heart failure.
Oxygen therapy is used to treat some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure.
Oxygen therapy is used to treat any disease that impairs the body's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen.
Oxygen has high electronegativity.
Oxygen forms chemical bonds with almost all other elements.
The chemical bonds formed by oxygen give corresponding oxides.
The surface of most metals is oxidized in the presence of air.
Aluminium is a type of metal.
Titanium is a type of metal.
The oxidation of the surface of most metals results in a coating with a thin film of oxide.
The thin film of oxide passivates the metal.
The thin film of oxide slows further corrosion of the metal.
Many oxides of the transition metals are non-stoichiometric compounds.
Non-stoichiometric compounds have slightly less metal than the chemical formula would show.
The mineral FeO is known as wüstite.
FeO is written as Fe1 − xO.
In the expression Fe1 − xO, x is usually around 0.
People who climb mountains sometimes have supplemental O2 supplies.
People who fly in non-pressurized fixed-wing aircraft sometimes have supplemental O2 supplies.
Supplemental O2 supplies are used by people who climb mountains.
Supplemental O2 supplies are used by people who fly in non-pressurized fixed-wing aircraft.
Passengers traveling in pressurized commercial airplanes have an emergency supply of oxygen automatically supplied to them.
The emergency supply of oxygen is provided in case of cabin depressurization.
Sudden cabin pressure loss activates chemical oxygen generators above each seat.
Chemical oxygen generators are located above each seat.
The activation of chemical oxygen generators causes oxygen masks to drop.
Pulling on the masks starts the flow of oxygen.
The cabin safety instructions dictate pulling on the masks.
Pulling on the masks forces iron filings into the sodium chlorate inside the canister.
The sodium chlorate is inside the canister.
A steady stream of oxygen gas is produced.
The production of oxygen gas occurs through an exothermic reaction.
Oxygen storage methods include high pressure oxygen tanks.
Oxygen storage methods include cryogenics.
Oxygen storage methods include chemical compounds.
Oxygen is often transported in bulk as a liquid.
Oxygen is transported in specially insulated tankers.
The reason for transporting oxygen in bulk as a liquid is economy.
One liter of liquefied oxygen is equivalent to 840 liters of gaseous oxygen.
The equivalence of one liter of liquefied oxygen to 840 liters of gaseous oxygen occurs at atmospheric pressure and 20 °C (68 °F).
Such tankers are used to refill bulk liquid oxygen storage containers.
Bulk liquid oxygen storage containers stand outside hospitals.
Bulk liquid oxygen storage containers stand outside other institutions.
Hospitals have a need for large volumes of pure oxygen gas.
Other institutions have a need for large volumes of pure oxygen gas.
Liquid oxygen is passed through heat exchangers.
Heat exchangers convert the cryogenic liquid into gas.
The gas enters the building.
Oxygen is stored in smaller cylinders containing the compressed gas.
Oxygen is shipped in smaller cylinders containing the compressed gas.
The form of oxygen in smaller cylinders is useful in certain portable medical applications.
The form of oxygen in smaller cylinders is useful in oxy-fuel welding.
The form of oxygen in smaller cylinders is useful in cutting.
Among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are alcohols.
Alcohols are represented by the formula R-OH.
Among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are ethers.
Ethers are represented by the formula R-O-R.
Among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are ketones.
Ketones are represented by the formula R-CO-R.
Among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are aldehydes.
Aldehydes are represented by the formula R-CO-H.
Among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are carboxylic acids.
Carboxylic acids are represented by the formula R-COOH.
Among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are esters.
Esters are represented by the formula R-COO-R.
Among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are acid anhydrides.
Acid anhydrides are represented by the formula R-CO-O-CO-R.
Among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are amides.
Amides are represented by the formula R-C(O)-NR2.
There are many important organic solvents that contain oxygen.
Acetone is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
Methanol is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
Ethanol is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
Isopropanol is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
Furan is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
THF is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
Diethyl ether is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
Dioxane is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
Ethyl acetate is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
DMF is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
DMSO is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
Acetic acid is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
Formic acid is an important organic solvent that contains oxygen.
Acetone is a chemical compound with the formula (CH3)2CO.
Phenol is a chemical compound with the formula C6H5OH.
Acetone and phenol are used as feeder materials in the synthesis of many different substances.
Other important organic compounds that contain oxygen include glycerol.
Other important organic compounds that contain oxygen include formaldehyde.
Other important organic compounds that contain oxygen include glutaraldehyde.
Other important organic compounds that contain oxygen include citric acid.
Other important organic compounds that contain oxygen include acetic anhydride.
Other important organic compounds that contain oxygen include acetamide.
Epoxides are ethers.
In epoxides, the oxygen atom is part of a ring of three atoms.
The element is found in almost all biomolecules.
The biomolecules are important to life.
The biomolecules are generated by life.
Only a few common complex biomolecules contain no oxygen.
Squalene is a common complex biomolecule.
Carotenes are common complex biomolecules.
Carbohydrates are organic compounds with biological relevance.
Carbohydrates contain the largest proportion by mass of oxygen among organic compounds with biological relevance.
All fats contain oxygen.
All fatty acids contain oxygen.
All amino acids contain oxygen.
All proteins contain oxygen.
The presence of carbonyl groups in fats, fatty acids, amino acids, and proteins is the reason for the presence of oxygen.
Fats, fatty acids, amino acids, and proteins have ester residues.
Oxygen occurs in phosphate groups.
Phosphate groups have the chemical formula PO3−4.
Phosphate groups are found in biologically important energy-carrying molecules ATP and ADP.
ATP is an energy-carrying molecule.
ADP is an energy-carrying molecule.
Oxygen occurs in the backbone of RNA.
Oxygen occurs in the purines of RNA and DNA.
Oxygen occurs in the pyrimidines of RNA and DNA.
Adenine is a purine.
Oxygen occurs in bones.
Bones contain calcium phosphate.
Bones contain hydroxylapatite.
Oxygen toxicity can occur to the lungs.
Oxygen toxicity can occur to the central nervous system.
Oxygen toxicity can occur in deep scuba diving.
Oxygen toxicity can occur in surface supplied diving.
Prolonged breathing of an air mixture can lead to permanent pulmonary fibrosis.
The air mixture has an O2 partial pressure of more than 60 kPa.
Exposure to O2 partial pressures greater than 160 kPa is significant.
160 kPa is approximately equal to 1.6 times the normal atmospheric pressure.
A pressure of 6 atm may lead to convulsions.
Convulsions are normally fatal for divers.
Acute oxygen toxicity can occur by breathing an air mixture with 21% oxygen at a depth of 66 meters or more.
The most feared effect of acute oxygen toxicity for divers is seizures.
Acute oxygen toxicity can also occur by breathing 100% oxygen at a depth of only 6 meters.
Breathing pure O2 in space applications causes no damage.
Space applications include some modern space suits.
Space applications include early spacecraft such as Apollo.
The low total pressures used in space applications prevent damage.
In the case of spacesuits, the O2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is about 30 kPa.
The O2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is a general measurement.
The resulting O2 partial pressure in the astronaut's arterial blood is only marginally more than normal sea-level O2 partial pressure.
The O2 partial pressure in the astronaut's arterial blood is 4 times normal.
For more information on the O2 partial pressure in the astronaut's arterial blood, see the space suit.
For more information on the O2 partial pressure in the astronaut's arterial blood, see arterial blood gas.
Oxygen gas is represented by the chemical formula O2.
Oxygen gas can be toxic at elevated partial pressures.
Elevated partial pressures of oxygen gas can lead to convulsions.
Elevated partial pressures of oxygen gas can lead to other health problems.
Oxygen toxicity usually begins to occur at partial pressures more than 50 kilopascals.
50 kilopascals is equal to about 50% oxygen composition at standard pressure.
50 kilopascals is also equal to 2 times the standard pressure.
The normal sea-level O2 partial pressure is about 21 kPa.
5 times the normal sea-level O2 partial pressure is equal to 105 kPa.
This is not a problem for most patients.
Patients on mechanical ventilators are an exception.
Gas supplied through oxygen masks in medical applications is typically composed of only 30%–50% O2 by volume.
The partial pressure of oxygen in gas supplied through oxygen masks is about 30 kPa at standard pressure.
The figure is subject to wide variation.
The variation depends on the type of mask.
The 1973 oil crisis began in October 1973.
The members of the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries proclaimed an oil embargo.
The Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries is abbreviated as OAPEC.
The Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries consists of the Arab members of OPEC plus Egypt and Syria.
By the end of the embargo in March 1974, the price of oil had risen from US$3 per barrel to nearly $12 globally.
US prices for oil were significantly higher than the global prices.
The embargo caused an oil crisis.
The oil crisis is referred to as a 'shock'.
The oil crisis had many short-term effects on global politics.
The oil crisis had many long-term effects on global politics.
The oil crisis had many short-term effects on the global economy.
The oil crisis had many long-term effects on the global economy.
The event was later called the 'first oil shock'.
The first oil shock was followed by the 1979 oil crisis.
The 1979 oil crisis was termed the 'second oil shock'.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
The crisis had a major impact on international relations.
The crisis created a rift within NATO.
Some European nations sought to disassociate themselves from United States foreign policy in the Middle East.
Japan sought to disassociate itself from United States foreign policy in the Middle East.
Some European nations and Japan sought to avoid being targeted by the boycott.
Arab oil producers linked any future policy changes to peace between the belligerents.
Arab oil producers are a group of countries that produce oil.
Future policy changes are contingent upon peace between the belligerents.
The Nixon Administration began multilateral negotiations.
The negotiations were with the combatants.
The purpose of the negotiations was to address a specific issue.
They arranged for Israel to pull back from the Sinai Peninsula.
They arranged for Israel to pull back from the Golan Heights.
By January 18, 1974, US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger had negotiated an Israeli troop withdrawal.
The Israeli troop withdrawal was from parts of the Sinai Peninsula.
The promise of a negotiated settlement between Israel and Syria was enough to convince Arab oil producers to lift the embargo.
The embargo was lifted in March 1974.
Israel is a country in the Middle East.
Syria is a country in the Middle East.
Arab oil producers are a group of countries that produce oil.
On August 15, 1971, the United States unilaterally pulled out of the Bretton Woods Accord.
The US abandoned the Gold Exchange Standard.
The Gold Exchange Standard was a system whereby the value of the dollar had been pegged to the price of gold.
All other currencies were pegged to the dollar.
The value of the dollar was left to float.
The value of the dollar could rise and fall according to market demand.
Shortly thereafter, Britain followed.
Britain floated the pound sterling.
The other industrialized nations followed suit.
The other industrialized nations have their respective currencies.
The industrialized nations anticipated that currency values would fluctuate unpredictably for a time.
The industrialized nations increased their reserves.
The industrialized nations increased their reserves by expanding their money supplies.
The amounts of reserves increased by the industrialized nations were far greater than before.
The result was a depreciation of the dollar.
The result was a depreciation of the currencies of other industrialized nations.
Oil was priced in dollars.
The real income of oil producers decreased.
In September 1971, OPEC issued a joint communiqué.
The joint communiqué stated that OPEC would price oil in terms of a fixed amount of gold from then on.
The event contributed to the Oil Shock.
After 1971, OPEC was slow to readjust prices.
OPEC was slow to readjust prices to reflect the depreciation.
From 1947 to 1967, the dollar price of oil had risen.
The dollar price of oil had risen by less than two percent per year from 1947 to 1967.
Until the oil shock, the price had remained fairly stable versus other currencies.
Until the oil shock, the price had remained fairly stable versus other commodities.
OPEC ministers had not developed institutional mechanisms to update prices.
The institutional mechanisms to update prices were not in sync with changing market conditions.
The real incomes of OPEC ministers lagged.
The substantial price increases occurred in 1973–1974.
The substantial price increases largely returned prices to Bretton Woods levels.
The substantial price increases largely returned corresponding incomes to Bretton Woods levels.
The prices and corresponding incomes were returned to Bretton Woods levels in terms of commodities such as gold.
On October 6, 1973, Syria launched a surprise attack on Israel.
On October 6, 1973, Egypt launched a surprise attack on Israel.
Syria and Egypt received support from other Arab nations.
The surprise attack on Israel occurred on Yom Kippur.
The renewal of hostilities occurred in the Arab–Israeli conflict.
The renewal of hostilities released the underlying economic pressure on oil prices.
At the time, Iran was the world's second-largest oil exporter.
At the time, Iran was a close ally of the United States.
Weeks later, the Shah of Iran said in an interview.
The Shah of Iran made a statement about the price of oil.
The Shah of Iran stated that the price of oil is going to rise.
The speaker expresses certainty.
The speaker expresses enthusiasm.
Western nations have increased the price of the wheat sold to us by 300 percent.
Western nations have increased the price of sugar sold to us by 300 percent.
Western nations have increased the price of cement sold to us by 300 percent.
You buy our crude oil.
You sell the crude oil back to us.
You sell the crude oil back to us refined as petrochemicals.
The price you sell the refined petrochemicals back to us is a hundred times the price you have paid us.
It is only fair that you should pay more for oil from now on.
Let us consider a quantity that is ten times greater than another quantity.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
On October 16, 1973, OPEC raised the posted price of oil by 70%.
The posted price of oil was raised to $5.
The action taken by OPEC was in response to American aid to Israel.
11 is a quantity.
A barrel is a type of container.
The following day, oil ministers agreed to the embargo.
The embargo involved a cut in production by five percent from September's output.
Oil ministers agreed to continue to cut production in five percent monthly increments.
The cuts in production would continue until the economic objectives were met.
The cuts in production would continue until the political objectives were met.
On October 19, Richard Nixon requested Congress to appropriate $2.
2 billion in emergency aid is allocated to Israel.
The emergency aid to Israel includes 1 dollar.
5 billion is the total amount in outright grants.
George Lenczowski notes a statement about military supplies.
Military supplies did not exhaust Nixon's eagerness to prevent Israel's collapse.
This is a monetary amount of two dollars.
A decision triggered a collective OPEC response.
The decision involved 2 billion.
Libya immediately announced an embargo on oil shipments to the United States.
The embargo on oil shipments to the United States was announced by Libya.
Saudi Arabia joined the embargo on October 20, 1973.
The other Arab oil-producing states joined the embargo on October 20, 1973.
At the Kuwait meeting, OAPEC proclaimed the embargo.
The embargo curbed exports to various countries.
The embargo blocked all oil deliveries to the United States.
The United States was designated as a principal hostile country by OAPEC.
Some of the income was dispensed in the form of aid to other underdeveloped nations.
The economies of the other underdeveloped nations had been caught between higher oil prices and lower prices for their own export commodities.
The economies of the other underdeveloped nations were amid shrinking Western demand.
Much went for arms purchases.
Arms purchases exacerbated political tensions.
Political tensions were particularly exacerbated in the Middle East.
Saudi Arabia spent over 100 billion dollars in the ensuing decades.
Saudi Arabia spent the money for helping spread its fundamentalist interpretation of Islam.
The fundamentalist interpretation of Islam is known as Wahhabism.
Wahhabism was spread throughout the world via religious charities.
One of the religious charities is the al-Haramain Foundation.
The al-Haramain Foundation often distributed funds to violent Sunni extremist groups.
One of the violent Sunni extremist groups is Al-Qaeda.
Another violent Sunni extremist group is the Taliban.
In the United States, scholars argue that a negotiated settlement existed prior to 1973.
The negotiated settlement was based on equality between both parties.
The possibility that the Middle East could become another superpower confrontation with the USSR was a concern to the US.
The concern to the US about the possibility of a superpower confrontation in the Middle East was greater than the concern about oil.
Interest groups were more worried about energy.
Government agencies were more worried about energy.
Interest groups and government agencies were no match for Henry Kissinger's dominance.
In the US, production disruptions have been held responsible for recessions.
In the US, distribution disruptions have been held responsible for recessions.
In the US, price disruptions have been held responsible for recessions.
In the US, production disruptions have been held responsible for periods of excessive inflation.
In the US, distribution disruptions have been held responsible for periods of excessive inflation.
In the US, price disruptions have been held responsible for periods of excessive inflation.
In the US, production disruptions have been held responsible for reduced productivity.
In the US, distribution disruptions have been held responsible for reduced productivity.
In the US, price disruptions have been held responsible for reduced productivity.
In the US, production disruptions have been held responsible for lower economic growth.
In the US, distribution disruptions have been held responsible for lower economic growth.
In the US, price disruptions have been held responsible for lower economic growth.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
The embargo had a negative influence on the US economy.
The embargo caused immediate demands to address the threats to the US economy.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Energy security refers to the availability of energy resources.
Energy security involves the reliable access to energy supplies.
Energy security includes the ability to meet current and future energy needs.
Energy security is essential for economic stability.
Energy security is important for national security.
On an international level, the price increases changed competitive positions in many industries.
One of the industries affected by the price increases is the automobile industry.
Macroeconomic problems consisted of inflationary impacts.
Macroeconomic problems consisted of deflationary impacts.
The embargo left oil companies searching for new ways to increase oil supplies.
Oil companies were searching for new ways to increase oil supplies.
The search for new ways to increase oil supplies occurred even in rugged terrain.
Rugged terrain includes areas such as the Arctic.
Finding oil usually requires five to ten years before significant production.
Developing new fields usually requires five to ten years before significant production.
The embargo was not uniform.
The embargo was applied across Europe.
Of the nine members of the European Economic Community, the Netherlands faced a complete embargo.
The United Kingdom received almost uninterrupted supplies.
France received almost uninterrupted supplies.
The United Kingdom and France refused to allow America to use their airfields.
The United Kingdom and France embargoed arms and supplies to both the Arabs and the Israelis.
The other six members of the European Economic Community faced partial cutbacks.
The UK had traditionally been an ally of Israel.
Harold Wilson's government supported the Israelis during the Six-Day War.
Ted Heath was the successor.
Ted Heath reversed the policy in 1970.
Ted Heath called for Israel to withdraw to its pre-1967 borders.
The UK was relatively unaffected by the embargo.
The UK faced an oil crisis of its own.
A series of strikes occurred by coal miners and railroad workers over the winter of 1973–74.
The series of strikes became a major factor in the change of government.
Heath asked the British to heat only one room in their houses over the winter.
The British are a group of people.
The request was to heat only one room in their houses.
The action of heating was specified for the winter season.
The UK banned flying on Sundays.
The UK banned driving on Sundays.
The UK banned boating on Sundays.
Germany banned flying on Sundays.
Germany banned driving on Sundays.
Germany banned boating on Sundays.
Italy banned flying on Sundays.
Italy banned driving on Sundays.
Italy banned boating on Sundays.
Switzerland banned flying on Sundays.
Switzerland banned driving on Sundays.
Switzerland banned boating on Sundays.
Norway banned flying on Sundays.
Norway banned driving on Sundays.
Norway banned boating on Sundays.
Sweden rationed gasoline.
Sweden rationed heating oil.
The Netherlands imposed prison sentences.
The prison sentences were for those who used more than their ration of electricity.
Price controls exacerbated the crisis in the United States.
The system limited the price of old oil.
Old oil is defined as that which had already been discovered.
The system allowed newly discovered oil to be sold at a higher price.
The higher price for newly discovered oil was intended to encourage investment.
Old oil was withdrawn from the market.
The withdrawal of old oil from the market created greater scarcity.
The rule discouraged the development of alternative energies.
The rule had been intended to promote oil exploration.
Scarcity was addressed by rationing.
Rationing was implemented in many countries.
Motorists faced long lines at gas stations beginning in summer 1972.
The long lines at gas stations increased by summer 1973.
In 1973, Richard Nixon named William E.
Simon was the first Administrator of the Federal Energy Office.
The Federal Energy Office was a short-term organization.
The Federal Energy Office was created to coordinate the response to the embargo.
Simon allocated states the same amount of domestic oil for 1974 that each state had consumed in 1972.
The allocation of domestic oil worked for states whose populations were not increasing.
Lines at gasoline stations were common in other states.
The American Automobile Association reported information.
The information reported by the American Automobile Association stated that in the last week of February 1974, 20% of American gasoline stations had no fuel.
In 1974, a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph was imposed.
The national maximum speed limit of 55 mph is approximately 88 km/h.
The national maximum speed limit was imposed through the Emergency Highway Energy Conservation Act.
The purpose of imposing the national maximum speed limit was to help reduce consumption.
The development of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve began in 1975.
The cabinet-level Department of Energy was created in 1977.
The National Energy Act of 1978 followed the creation of the Department of Energy.
On November 28, 1995, Bill Clinton signed the National Highway Designation Act.
The National Highway Designation Act ended the federal 55 mph speed limit.
The federal 55 mph speed limit is equivalent to 89 km/h.
The National Highway Designation Act allowed states to restore their prior maximum speed limit.
The energy crisis led to greater interest in renewable energy.
The energy crisis led to greater interest in nuclear power.
The energy crisis led to greater interest in domestic fossil fuels.
There is criticism of American energy policies since the crisis.
American energy policies since the crisis have been dominated by crisis-mentality thinking.
Crisis-mentality thinking promotes expensive quick fixes.
Crisis-mentality thinking promotes single-shot solutions.
Expensive quick fixes and single-shot solutions ignore market realities.
Expensive quick fixes and single-shot solutions ignore technology realities.
Congress and presidents have repeatedly backed policies.
The policies promise solutions that are politically expedient.
The prospects of the policies are doubtful.
Stable rules that support basic research are not provided.
The stable rules would leave plenty of scope for entrepreneurship and innovation.
In 2004, declassified documents revealed information.
The declassified documents revealed information about the U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The rise in oil prices caused distress.
The distress was caused by being challenged by under-developed countries.
They briefly considered military action.
The military action was to forcibly seize Middle Eastern oilfields.
The consideration of military action occurred in late 1973.
No explicit plan was mentioned.
A conversation occurred between U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
James Schlesinger was the Secretary of Defense.
Lord Cromer was the British Ambassador to the United States.
James Schlesinger revealed information to Lord Cromer.
James Schlesinger told Lord Cromer that it was no longer obvious to him that the U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
The subject could not use force.
British Prime Minister Edward Heath was worried by this prospect.
British Prime Minister Edward Heath ordered a British intelligence estimate of U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The intentions concluded that America might consider a situation.
America might consider that it could not tolerate a situation.
The situation is one that America might not tolerate.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
A small group of unreasonable countries had the allies at their mercy.
The allies would prefer a rapid operation to seize oilfields in Saudi Arabia.
The allies would prefer a rapid operation to seize oilfields in Kuwait.
The allies would prefer a rapid operation to seize oilfields in Abu Dhabi.
Military action was decided upon.
The Soviet response to such an act would likely not involve force.
Intelligence warned that the American occupation would need to last 10 years.
The American occupation would need to last 10 years as the West developed alternative energy sources.
The American occupation would result in the ‘total alienation’ of the Arabs.
The American occupation would result in the ‘total alienation’ of much of the rest of the Third World.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
Japan was the country most dependent on Arab oil.
Japan lacked historical connections to the Middle East.
71% of the imported oil came from the Middle East in 1970.
On November 7, 1973, the Saudi government declared Japan a 'nonfriendly' country.
On November 7, 1973, the Kuwaiti government declared Japan a 'nonfriendly' country.
The Saudi and Kuwaiti governments declared Japan a 'nonfriendly' country to encourage Japan to change its noninvolvement policy.
A 5% production cut was received in December.
The 5% production cut caused a panic.
On November 22, Japan issued a statement.
The statement asserted that Israel should withdraw from all of the 1967 territories.
The statement advocated Palestinian self-determination.
The statement threatened to reconsider Japan's policy toward Israel if Israel refused to accept these preconditions.
By December 25, Japan was considered an Arab-friendly state.
The USSR's invasion of Afghanistan was a sign of insecurity in the region.
The region was marked by increased American weapons sales.
The region was marked by increased American technology.
The region was marked by an outright American military presence.
Saudi Arabia became increasingly dependent on American security assurances to manage external threats.
Saudi Arabia became increasingly dependent on American security assurances to manage internal threats.
Iran became increasingly dependent on American security assurances to manage external threats.
Iran became increasingly dependent on American security assurances to manage internal threats.
There was increased military competition between Saudi Arabia and Iran over increased oil revenues.
Both states were competing for preeminence in the Persian Gulf.
Both states were using increased revenues to fund expanded militaries.
By 1979, Saudi arms purchases from the US exceeded five times Israel's arms purchases.
Another motive for the large scale purchase of arms from the United States by Saudi Arabia was the failure of the Shah to maintain control of Iran during January 1979.
Iran is a non-Arabic nation.
Iran is largely a Shiite Muslim nation.
Iran fell to a theocratic Islamist government under Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in the wake of the 1979 Iranian Revolution.
Saudi Arabia is an Arab nation.
Saudi Arabia is a largely Sunni Muslim nation.
Saudi Arabia is headed by a near absolutist monarchy.
In the wake of the Iranian revolution, the Saudis were forced to deal with the prospect of internal destabilization.
The internal destabilization was caused by the radicalism of Islamism.
The reality of internal destabilization was quickly revealed in the seizure of the Grand Mosque in Mecca by Wahhabi extremists during November 1979.
Wahhabi extremists seized the Grand Mosque in Mecca during November 1979.
There was a Shiite revolt in the oil-rich Al-Hasa region of Saudi Arabia in December 1979.
The Al-Hasa region of Saudi Arabia is oil-rich.
In November 2010, Wikileaks leaked confidential diplomatic cables.
The confidential diplomatic cables pertained to the United States and its allies.
The leaked cables revealed that the late Saudi King Abdullah urged the United States to attack Iran.
The purpose of the attack on Iran was to destroy its potential nuclear weapons program.
Saudi King Abdullah described Iran as 'a snake whose head should be cut off without any procrastination.'
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
The crisis reduced the demand for large cars.
Japanese imports primarily included the Toyota Corona.
Japanese imports primarily included the Toyota Corolla.
Japanese imports primarily included the Datsun B210.
Japanese imports primarily included the Datsun 510.
Japanese imports primarily included the Honda Civic.
Japanese imports primarily included the Mitsubishi Galant.
The Mitsubishi Galant was a captive import from Chrysler.
The Mitsubishi Galant was sold as the Dodge Colt.
Japanese imports primarily included the Subaru DL.
Japanese imports later included the Honda Accord.
All of the mentioned Japanese imports had four cylinder engines.
The four cylinder engines of the mentioned Japanese imports were more fuel efficient than the typical American V8 engines.
The four cylinder engines of the mentioned Japanese imports were more fuel efficient than the typical American six cylinder engines.
Japanese imports became mass-market leaders.
Japanese imports featured unibody construction.
Japanese imports featured front-wheel drive.
Unibody construction became a de facto standard.
Front-wheel drive became a de facto standard.
Some buyers lamented the small size of the first Japanese compacts.
Toyota introduced larger cars such as the Toyota Corona Mark II.
Toyota introduced larger cars such as the Toyota Cressida.
Mazda introduced larger cars such as the Mazda 616.
Nissan was then known as Datsun.
Nissan introduced larger cars such as the Datsun 810.
The larger cars added passenger space.
The larger cars added amenities such as air conditioning.
The larger cars added amenities such as power steering.
The larger cars added amenities such as AM-FM radios.
The larger cars added amenities such as power windows.
The larger cars added amenities such as central locking.
The larger cars did not increase the price of the vehicle.
A decade after the 1973 oil crisis, Honda opened a US assembly plant.
A decade after the 1973 oil crisis, Toyota opened a US assembly plant.
A decade after the 1973 oil crisis, Nissan opened a US assembly plant.
Honda was affected by the 1981 voluntary export restraints.
Toyota was affected by the 1981 voluntary export restraints.
Nissan was affected by the 1981 voluntary export restraints.
Honda established its luxury division called Acura.
Toyota established its luxury division called Lexus.
Nissan established its luxury division called Infiniti.
The luxury divisions were established to distinguish themselves from their mass-market brands.
Compact trucks were introduced.
The Toyota Hilux is a compact truck.
The Datsun Truck is a compact truck.
The Mazda Truck is sold as the Ford Courier.
The Isuzu-built Chevrolet LUV is a compact truck.
Mitsubishi rebranded its Forte.
The Forte was rebranded as the Dodge D-50.
The rebranding occurred a few years after the oil crisis.
Mazda had a joint partnership with Ford.
Mitsubishi had a joint partnership with Chrysler.
Isuzu had a joint partnership with GM.
The American makers introduced their domestic replacements.
The domestic replacements included the Ford Ranger.
The domestic replacements included the Dodge Dakota.
The domestic replacements included the Chevrolet S10.
The domestic replacements included the GMC S-15.
The introduction of domestic replacements ended the captive import policy.
An increase in imported cars occurred in North America.
The increase in imported cars forced General Motors to introduce smaller and fuel-efficient models for domestic sales.
The increase in imported cars forced Ford to introduce smaller and fuel-efficient models for domestic sales.
The increase in imported cars forced Chrysler to introduce smaller and fuel-efficient models for domestic sales.
The Dodge Omni was a car from Chrysler.
The Plymouth Horizon was a car from Chrysler.
The Ford Fiesta was a car.
The Chevrolet Chevette was a car.
The Dodge Omni, Plymouth Horizon, Ford Fiesta, and Chevrolet Chevette all had four-cylinder engines.
The Dodge Omni, Plymouth Horizon, Ford Fiesta, and Chevrolet Chevette had room for at least four passengers.
The Dodge Omni, Plymouth Horizon, Ford Fiesta, and Chevrolet Chevette had these features by the late 1970s.
By 1985, the average American vehicle moved 17.
The fuel efficiency is 4 miles per gallon.
The fuel efficiency is compared to 13 miles per gallon.
The number 5 was recorded in the year 1970.
The improvements stayed.
The price of a barrel of oil remained constant at $12 from 1974 to 1979.
Sales of large sedans for most makes recovered within two model years of the 1973 crisis.
Chrysler products are an exception to the recovery of sales of large sedans.
The Cadillac DeVille became popular again in the mid-1970s.
The Cadillac Fleetwood became popular again in the mid-1970s.
The Buick Electra became popular again in the mid-1970s.
The Oldsmobile 98 became popular again in the mid-1970s.
The Lincoln Continental became popular again in the mid-1970s.
The Mercury Marquis became popular again in the mid-1970s.
Various other luxury oriented sedans became popular again in the mid-1970s.
The only full-size models that did not recover were lower price models.
The Chevrolet Bel Air is a lower price model.
The Ford Galaxie 500 is a lower price model.
Slightly smaller, mid-size models sold well.
The Oldsmobile Cutlass is a slightly smaller, mid-size model.
The Chevrolet Monte Carlo is a slightly smaller, mid-size model.
The Ford Thunderbird is a slightly smaller, mid-size model.
Various other models are slightly smaller, mid-size models.
Federal safety standards exist.
NHTSA Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 215 pertains to safety bumpers.
Compacts like the 1974 Mustang I exist.
Federal safety standards and compacts like the 1974 Mustang I were a prelude to the DOT 'downsize' revision of vehicle categories.
By 1977, GM's full-sized cars reflected the crisis.
GM's full-sized cars were a representation of the crisis.
By 1979, virtually all 'full-size' American cars had shrunk.
The 'full-size' American cars featured smaller engines.
The 'full-size' American cars featured smaller outside dimensions.
Chrysler ended production of their full-sized luxury sedans at the end of the 1981 model year.
Chrysler moved to a full front-wheel drive lineup for 1982.
The M-body Dodge Diplomat was an exception to the full front-wheel drive lineup for 1982.
The Plymouth Gran Fury was an exception to the full front-wheel drive lineup for 1982.
The Chrysler New Yorker Fifth Avenue sedan was an exception to the full front-wheel drive lineup for 1982.
OPEC soon lost its preeminent position.
In 1981, the production of OPEC was surpassed by the production of other countries.
The member nations were divided.
The member nations belong to its own organization.
Saudi Arabia is trying to recover market share.
Saudi Arabia increased production.
The increase in production is pushing prices down.
The decrease in prices is shrinking or eliminating profits for high-cost producers.
The world price peaked during the 1979 energy crisis at nearly $40 per barrel.
The world price decreased during the 1980s to less than $10 per barrel.
Oil briefly fell back to pre-1973 levels when adjusted for inflation.
The sale price was a windfall for oil-importing nations.
The oil-importing nations included both developing nations and developed nations.
European Union law is a body of treaties and legislation.
European Union law includes Regulations.
European Union law includes Directives.
Regulations have direct effect on the laws of European Union member states.
Directives have indirect effect on the laws of European Union member states.
The three sources of European Union law are primary law.
The three sources of European Union law are secondary law.
The three sources of European Union law are supplementary law.
The main sources of primary law are the Treaties establishing the European Union.
The Treaties establish the European Union.
Secondary sources include regulations.
Secondary sources include directives.
Regulations are based on the Treaties.
Directives are based on the Treaties.
The legislature of the European Union is principally composed of the European Parliament.
The legislature of the European Union is principally composed of the Council of the European Union.
The European Parliament and the Council of the European Union may establish secondary law under the Treaties.
The secondary law is established to pursue the objective set out in the Treaties.
European Union law is applied by the courts of member states.
European Union law is applied by the Court of Justice of the European Union.
The laws of member states provide for lesser rights.
European Union law can be enforced by the courts of member states.
European Union law should have been transposed into the laws of member states.
Directives are a type of European Union law.
The European Commission can take proceedings against a member state.
The proceedings taken by the European Commission are under the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
The European Court of Justice is the highest court.
The European Court of Justice is able to interpret European Union law.
Supplementary sources of European Union law include case law by the Court of Justice.
Supplementary sources of European Union law include international law.
Supplementary sources of European Union law include general principles of European Union law.
The European Union does not have a codified constitution.
The European Union has laws.
The laws of the European Union constitute its basic governance structure.
The European Union is a political body.
The EU's primary constitutional sources are the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
The Treaty on European Union is abbreviated as TEU.
The Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union is abbreviated as TFEU.
The Treaty on European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have been agreed or adhered to among the governments of all 28 member states.
The Treaties establish the institutions of the European Union.
The Treaties list the powers of the European Union.
The Treaties list the responsibilities of the European Union.
The Treaties explain the areas in which the European Union can legislate with Directives.
The Treaties explain the areas in which the European Union can legislate with Regulations.
The European Commission has the initiative.
The European Commission proposes legislation.
The ordinary legislative procedure involves the Council and the European Parliament.
The Council consists of ministers from member state governments.
The European Parliament is elected by citizens.
The Council and the European Parliament can make amendments.
The Council and the European Parliament must give their consent for laws to pass.
The Commission oversees departments.
The Commission oversees various agencies.
The departments execute EU law.
The various agencies enforce EU law.
The European Council is composed of the Prime Ministers or executive Presidents of the member states.
The European Council is different from the Council.
The Council is made up of different government Ministers.
The entity appoints the Commissioners of the European Central Bank.
The entity appoints the board of the European Central Bank.
The European Court of Justice is the supreme judicial body.
The European Court of Justice interprets EU law.
The European Court of Justice develops EU law through precedent.
The Court can review the legality of the actions of the EU institutions.
The review of the legality of the actions of the EU institutions is in compliance with the Treaties.
The entity can decide upon claims for breach of EU laws.
The claims for breach of EU laws can come from member states.
The claims for breach of EU laws can come from citizens.
The primary law of the European Union consists mainly of the founding treaties.
The core treaties of the European Union are the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
The Treaty on European Union is one of the core treaties of the European Union.
The Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union is one of the core treaties of the European Union.
The Treaties contain formal provisions.
The Treaties contain substantive provisions.
The formal and substantive provisions frame policies of the European Union institutions.
The formal and substantive provisions determine the division of competences between the European Union and its member states.
The TEU establishes that European Union law applies to the metropolitan territories of the member states.
The TEU establishes that European Union law applies to certain islands and overseas territories.
Madeira is an island that is included in the certain islands and overseas territories to which European Union law applies.
The Canary Islands is an island that is included in the certain islands and overseas territories to which European Union law applies.
The French overseas departments are territories that are included in the certain islands and overseas territories to which European Union law applies.
European Union law applies in territories where a member state is responsible for external relations.
Gibraltar is a territory where a member state is responsible for external relations.
The Åland islands are a territory where a member state is responsible for external relations.
The TEU allows the European Council to make specific provisions for regions.
The European Council made specific provisions for customs matters in Gibraltar.
The European Council made specific provisions for customs matters in Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon.
The TEU specifically excludes certain regions from the jurisdiction of European Union law.
The Faroe Islands is an example of a region that is excluded from the jurisdiction of European Union law.
Treaties apply as soon as treaties enter into force.
Treaties may have exceptions if stated otherwise.
Treaties are generally concluded for an unlimited period.
The TEU provides that commitments entered into by the member states no longer apply.
The commitments were entered into by the member states between themselves before the treaty was signed.
All EU member states are regarded as subject to the general obligation of the principle of cooperation.
The principle of cooperation is stated in the Treaty on European Union (TEU).
Member states are obliged not to take measures which could jeopardise the attainment of the objectives of the Treaty on European Union (TEU).
The Court of Justice of the European Union can interpret the Treaties.
The Court of Justice of the European Union cannot rule on the validity of the Treaties.
The validity of the Treaties is subject to international law.
Individuals may rely on primary law in the Court of Justice of the European Union.
The Treaty provisions must have a direct effect for individuals to rely on primary law.
The Treaty provisions must be sufficiently clear for individuals to rely on primary law.
The Treaty provisions must be precise for individuals to rely on primary law.
The Treaty provisions must be unconditional for individuals to rely on primary law.
The principal Treaties that form the European Union began with common rules for coal and steel.
The principal Treaties that form the European Union began with common rules for atomic energy.
More complete and formal institutions were established through the Treaty of Rome in 1957.
The Treaty of Rome in 1957 is one of the principal Treaties that form the European Union.
More complete and formal institutions were established through the Maastricht Treaty in 1992.
The Maastricht Treaty in 1992 is now known as the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU).
Minor amendments were made during the 1960s.
Minor amendments were made during the 1970s.
Major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single, internal market in the Single European Act 1986.
The Single European Act was signed in 1986.
Major amending treaties were signed to further the development of a more social Europe in the Treaty of Amsterdam 1997.
The Treaty of Amsterdam was signed in 1997.
Major amending treaties were signed to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the EU institutions in the Treaty of Nice 2001.
The Treaty of Nice was signed in 2001.
Major amending treaties were signed to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the EU institutions in the Treaty of Lisbon 2007.
The Treaty of Lisbon was signed in 2007.
Since its establishment, more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties.
The United Kingdom joined in 1972.
Ireland joined in 1972.
Denmark joined in 1972.
Norway did not end up joining in 1972.
Greece joined in 1979.
Spain joined in 1985.
Portugal joined in 1985.
Austria joined in 1994.
Finland joined in 1994.
Norway failed to join in 1994 due to lack of support in the referendum.
Sweden joined in 1994.
The Czech Republic joined in 2004.
Cyprus joined in 2004.
Estonia joined in 2004.
Hungary joined in 2004.
Latvia joined in 2004.
Lithuania joined in 2004.
Malta joined in 2004.
Poland joined in 2004.
Slovakia joined in 2004.
Slovenia joined in 2004.
Romania joined in 2007.
Bulgaria joined in 2007.
Croatia joined in 2013.
Greenland signed a Treaty in 1985.
The Treaty gave Greenland a special status.
Following the Nice Treaty, there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the European Union.
The attempt aimed to make the constitutional law of the European Union more transparent.
The reform would have produced a single constitutional document.
There was a referendum in France.
There was a referendum in the Netherlands.
The 2004 Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe never came into force as a result of the referendums in France and the Netherlands.
The Lisbon Treaty was enacted.
The substance of the treaty was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty.
The treaty was formally an amending treaty.
The treaty significantly altered the existing treaties.
The treaty did not completely replace the existing treaties.
The European Commission is the main executive body of the European Union.
Article 17(1) of the Treaty on European Union states that the European Commission should promote the general interest of the Union.
Article 17(3) of the Treaty on European Union adds that Commissioners should be completely independent.
Article 17(3) of the Treaty on European Union states that Commissioners should not take instructions from any Government.
Under article 17(2), Union legislative acts may only be adopted on the basis of a Commission proposal.
The Treaties may provide otherwise.
The Commission has a monopoly on initiating the legislative procedure.
The Council is the de facto catalyst of many legislative initiatives.
The Parliament can formally request the Commission to submit a legislative proposal.
The Commission can reject the request from the Parliament.
The Commission can provide reasons for rejecting the request from the Parliament.
The Commission's President sets the agenda for the EU's work.
The current Commission's President is Jean-Claude Juncker.
Jean-Claude Juncker is an ex-Luxembourg Prime Minister.
Decisions are taken by a simple majority vote.
Decisions are usually made through a written procedure.
The written procedure involves circulating the proposals.
Proposals are adopted if there are no objections.
Ireland refused to consent to changes in the Treaty of Lisbon 2007.
There remains one Commissioner for each of the 28 member states.
The 28 member states include the President.
The 28 member states include the High Representative for Foreign and Security Policy.
Federica Mogherini is currently the High Representative for Foreign and Security Policy.
The Commissioners are bargained over intensively by the member states.
The portfolios that the Commissioners will hold are bargained over intensively by the member states.
The portfolios are the most important aspect of the bargaining process.
The Commissioners are a block.
The block of Commissioners is subject to a qualified majority vote of the Council to approve.
The block of Commissioners requires majority approval of the Parliament.
The proposal to make the Commissioners be drawn from the elected Parliament was not adopted.
The proposal was related to the Treaty of Lisbon.
Commissioners are unelected subordinates of member state governments.
Commissioners are appointed through a process.
Commissioners have various privileges.
One privilege of Commissioners is being exempt from member state taxes.
Commissioners are not exempt from EU taxes.
Another privilege of Commissioners is having immunity from prosecution for doing official acts.
Commissioners have sometimes been found to have abused their offices.
The Santer Commission was censured by Parliament in 1999.
The Santer Commission eventually resigned due to corruption allegations.
One main case is Commission v Edith Cresson.
The European Court of Justice held that Edith Cresson, a Commissioner, gave her dentist a job.
The dentist was clearly unqualified for the job.
The European Court of Justice held that Edith Cresson did not break any law.
The ECJ had a relaxed approach.
A Committee of Independent Experts found that a culture had developed.
The culture found by the Committee of Independent Experts was characterized by few Commissioners having even the slightest sense of responsibility.
The creation of the European Anti-fraud Office was a result of a specific event or situation.
The European Anti-fraud Office is an organization.
In 2012, an investigation was conducted regarding the Maltese Commissioner for Health.
The Maltese Commissioner for Health was John Dalli.
John Dalli quickly resigned after allegations were made against him.
The allegations stated that John Dalli received a €60m bribe.
The bribe was in connection with a Tobacco Products Directive.
The European Central Bank has relative executive autonomy in its conduct of monetary policy.
The purpose of the European Central Bank's conduct of monetary policy is to manage the euro.
The European Central Bank operates beyond the Commission.
The board has six persons.
The board is appointed by the European Council.
The appointment of the board is based on the recommendation of the European Council.
The President of the Council can sit in on ECB meetings.
A Commissioner can sit in on ECB meetings.
The President of the Council does not have voting rights.
A Commissioner does not have voting rights.
The second main legislative body is the Council.
The Council is composed of different ministers of the member states.
The heads of government of member states convene a European Council.
The European Council is a distinct body.
The TEU article 15 defines the European Council as providing the necessary impetus for its development.
The TEU article 15 defines the European Council as defining the general political directions and priorities.
The organization meets every six months.
The President of the organization is currently Donald Tusk.
Donald Tusk is a former Prime Minister of Poland.
The President is meant to drive forward the work of the organization.
The organization does not have legislative functions.
The Council does this.
The Council consists of the governments of the member states.
There will be a different minister at each meeting.
The different minister at each meeting depends on the topic discussed.
For environmental issues, the member states' environment ministers attend.
For environmental issues, the member states' environment ministers vote.
For foreign affairs, the foreign ministers attend.
For foreign affairs, the foreign ministers vote.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
The minister must have the authority to represent the member states in decisions.
The minister must have the authority to bin the member states in decisions.
Voting takes place.
Voting is weighted inversely to member state size.
Smaller member states are not dominated by larger member states.
In total, there are 352 votes.
For most acts, there must be a qualified majority vote.
If there is not a qualified majority vote, there must be consensus.
TEU article 16(4) defines a specific requirement for decision-making in the Council.
TFEU article 238(3) defines a specific requirement for decision-making in the Council.
The requirement defined by TEU article 16(4) and TFEU article 238(3) means at least 55 per cent of the Council members.
The requirement defined by TEU article 16(4) and TFEU article 238(3) means representing 65 per cent of the population of the EU.
Currently, the requirement means around 74 per cent of the votes.
Currently, the requirement means 260 of the 352 votes.
The legislative process is critical.
TFEU article 294 defines the ordinary legislative procedure.
The ordinary legislative procedure applies for most EU acts.
The purpose of the ordinary legislative procedure is to make new legislation.
The essence is that there are three readings.
The first reading starts with a Commission proposal.
The European Parliament must vote by a majority of all Members of the European Parliament to block or suggest changes.
The majority of all Members of the European Parliament includes not just those present.
The Council must vote by qualified majority to approve changes.
The Council must vote by unanimity to block a Commission amendment.
Where the different institutions cannot agree at any stage, a Conciliation Committee is convened.
The Conciliation Committee represents Members of the European Parliament (MEPs), ministers, and the Commission.
The purpose of the Conciliation Committee is to try and get agreement on a joint text.
If the Conciliation Committee reaches an agreement, the joint text will be sent back to the Parliament and Council.
The Parliament and Council must approve the joint text by absolute and qualified majority.
Legislation can be blocked by a majority in Parliament.
Legislation can be blocked by a minority in the Council.
Legislation can be blocked by a majority in the Commission.
It is harder to change European Union law than to stay the same.
A different procedure exists for budgets.
Enhanced cooperation must occur among a sub-set of at least member states.
Authorisation must be given by the Council.
Member state governments should be informed by the Commission at the outset.
The Commission should inform member state governments before any proposals start the legislative procedure.
The EU as a whole can only act within its power.
The power of the EU is set out in the Treaties.
TEU articles 4 and 5 state that powers remain with the member states unless they have been conferred.
There is a debate about the Kompetenz-Kompetenz question.
The Kompetenz-Kompetenz question concerns who ultimately has the competence to define the EU's competence.
Many member state courts believe that they decide.
Other member state Parliaments believe that they decide.
The Court of Justice of the European Union believes that it has the final say.
The judicial branch of the European Union has played an important role in the development of European Union law.
The judicial branch of the European Union has assumed the task of interpreting the treaties.
The judicial branch of the European Union has accelerated economic integration.
The judicial branch of the European Union has accelerated political integration.
Today the Court of Justice of the European Union is the main judicial body.
The Court of Justice of the European Union is commonly abbreviated as CJEU.
Within the Court of Justice of the European Union, there is a higher European Court of Justice.
The higher European Court of Justice is commonly abbreviated as ECJ.
The higher European Court of Justice deals with cases that contain more public importance.
Within the Court of Justice of the European Union, there is a General Court.
The General Court deals with issues of detail.
The issues dealt with by the General Court do not have general importance.
There is a Civil Service Tribunal to deal with EU staff issues.
There is a separate Court of Auditors.
Under the Treaty on European Union article 19(2), there is one judge from each member state.
There are 28 member states at present.
The judges are supposed to possess the qualifications required for appointment to the highest judicial offices.
For the General Court, the judges are supposed to possess the ability required for appointment to high judicial office.
A president is elected by the judges.
The term of the president is three years.
Under TEU article 19(3), the ultimate court is to interpret questions of EU law.
Most EU law is applied by member state courts.
The English Court of Appeal is a member state court.
The German Bundesgerichtshof is a member state court.
The Belgian Cour du travail is a member state court.
Entities can refer questions to the EU court for a preliminary ruling.
The CJEU has a duty to ensure that the law is observed in the interpretation and application of the Treaties.
The CJEU has the ability to expand and develop the law.
The CJEU can expand and develop the law according to the principles it deems to be appropriate.
The actions have been done through seminal judgments.
The actions have been done through controversial judgments.
Van Gend en Loos is a seminal judgment.
Mangold v Helm is a controversial judgment.
Kadi v Commission is a controversial judgment.
The EU was founded at a specific point in time.
Since its founding, the EU has operated among an increasing plurality of national legal systems.
Since its founding, the EU has operated among an increasing plurality of globalising legal systems.
The European Court of Justice has had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems.
The highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems.
The Court of Justice has a view within the EU.
The view of the Court of Justice is that if EU law conflicts with a provision of national law, then EU law has primacy.
In 1964, there was a major case named Costa v ENEL.
Mr Costa was a Milanese lawyer.
Mr Costa was a former shareholder of an energy company.
Mr Costa refused to pay his electricity bill to Enel.
Mr Costa's refusal to pay was a protest against the nationalisation of the Italian energy corporations.
He claimed that the Italian nationalisation law conflicted with the Treaty of Rome.
He requested a reference be made to the Italian Constitutional Court.
He requested a reference be made to the Court of Justice.
The reference was requested under TFEU article 267.
The Italian Constitutional Court gave an opinion.
The nationalisation law was from 1962.
The treaty was in force from 1958.
Costa had no claim.
The Court of Justice held that the Treaty of Rome did not prevent energy nationalisation.
The Treaty of Rome did not prevent energy nationalisation in any way.
Under the Treaty provisions, only the Commission could have brought a claim.
Mr Costa could not have brought a claim under the Treaty provisions.
In principle, Mr Costa was entitled to plead that the Treaty conflicted with national law.
The court would have a duty to consider Mr Costa's claim to make a reference.
The court would have a duty to consider Mr Costa's claim to make a reference if there would be no appeal against the court's decision.
The Court of Justice repeated its view in Van Gend en Loos.
The Court of Justice stated that member states have restricted their sovereign rights.
Member states have restricted their sovereign rights within limited spheres.
Member states have created a body of law applicable to their nationals.
Member states have created a body of law applicable to themselves.
The body of law was created on the basis of reciprocity.
EU law would not be overridden by domestic legal provisions.
Domestic legal provisions can be framed in various ways.
The legal basis of the community itself is not called into question.
The phrase 'subsequent unilateral act' refers to an action taken by a member state.
The action taken by a member state is inapplicable.
In Amministrazione delle Finanze v Simmenthal SpA, a company named Simmenthal SpA claimed a public health inspection fee was contrary to two Regulations.
The public health inspection fee was under an Italian law of 1970.
The public health inspection fee was for importing beef from France to Italy.
The two Regulations were from 1964 and 1968.
The Court of Justice stated a principle of the precedence of Community law.
The directly applicable measures of the institutions render automatically inapplicable any conflicting provision of current national law.
The directly applicable measures of the institutions include Regulations in the case.
Preventing a corresponding denial of Treaty obligations was necessary.
Treaty obligations were undertaken unconditionally and irrevocably by member states.
A corresponding denial of Treaty obligations could imperil the very foundations of the European Union.
The Court of Justice has certain views.
The national courts of member states have not accepted the same analysis as the views of the Court of Justice.
All member states recognise that EU law takes primacy over national law where this is agreed in the Treaties.
Member states do not accept that the Court of Justice has the final say on foundational constitutional questions.
Foundational constitutional questions affect democracy.
Foundational constitutional questions affect human rights.
In the United Kingdom, the basic principle is that Parliament can decide whether it wishes to expressly legislate against EU law.
Parliament is the sovereign expression of democratic legitimacy in the United Kingdom.
An express wish of the people to withdraw from the EU would be necessary for this to happen.
This would only happen in the case of an express wish of the people.
The case R (Factortame Ltd) v Secretary of State for Transport was held.
In the case R (Factortame Ltd) v Secretary of State for Transport, it was stated that whatever limitation of its sovereignty Parliament accepted when it enacted the European Communities Act 1972 was entirely voluntary.
It has always been clear that UK courts have a duty to override any rule of national law found to be in conflict with any directly enforceable rule of Community law.
The UK Supreme Court noted a case titled R (HS2 Action Alliance Ltd) v Secretary of State for Transport.
The UK constitution is uncodified.
There could be fundamental principles of common law.
Parliament did not either contemplate or authorise the abrogation of fundamental principles of common law.
Parliament enacted the European Communities Act 1972.
The view of the German Constitutional Court is that the European Union must comply with its basic constitutional rights and principles.
The basic constitutional rights and principles include democracy, the rule of law, and the social state principles.
If the European Union does not comply with its basic constitutional rights and principles, then the European Union cannot override German law.
The nicknames of the judgments indicate a condition.
The European Union works towards the democratisation of its institutions.
The European Union has a framework that protects fundamental human rights.
The European Union would not review European Union legislation for compatibility with German constitutional principles.
Most other member states have expressed reservations.
The reservations expressed by most other member states are similar.
The EU's legitimacy rests on the ultimate authority of member states.
The EU's legitimacy rests on its factual commitment to human rights.
The EU's legitimacy rests on the democratic will of the people.
Constitutional law concerns the European Union's governance structure.
Administrative law binds EU institutions to follow the law.
Administrative law binds member states to follow the law.
Both member states have a general legal right to bring claims against EU institutions and other member states for breach of the treaties.
The Commission has a general legal right to bring claims against EU institutions and other member states for breach of the treaties.
The general legal right to bring claims is referred to as 'standing' or 'locus standi'.
From the EU's foundation, the Court of Justice held that the Treaties allowed citizens to bring claims against EU institutions for violation of the Treaties and Regulations.
From the EU's foundation, the Court of Justice held that the Treaties allowed corporations to bring claims against EU institutions for violation of the Treaties and Regulations.
From the EU's foundation, the Court of Justice held that the Treaties allowed citizens to bring claims against member state institutions for violation of the Treaties and Regulations.
From the EU's foundation, the Court of Justice held that the Treaties allowed corporations to bring claims against member state institutions for violation of the Treaties and Regulations.
The Treaties and Regulations must be properly interpreted as creating rights and obligations.
Under Directives, citizens were said in 1986 to not be allowed to bring claims against other non-state parties.
Under Directives, corporations were said in 1986 to not be allowed to bring claims against other non-state parties.
Courts of member states were not bound to apply an EU law where a national rule conflicted.
A national rule could conflict with an EU law.
The member state government could be sued.
The member state government could be sued if it would impose an obligation on another citizen.
The member state government could be sued if it would impose an obligation on a corporation.
These rules on direct effect limit the extent to which member state courts are bound to administer EU law.
All actions by EU institutions can be subject to judicial review.
All actions by EU institutions can be judged by standards of proportionality.
Standards of proportionality are particularly relevant where general principles of law are engaged.
Standards of proportionality are particularly relevant where fundamental rights are engaged.
The remedy for a claimant where there has been a breach of the law is often monetary damages.
Courts can also require specific performance.
Courts can grant an injunction.
Courts take these actions in order to ensure the law is effective as possible.
It is generally accepted that EU law has primacy.
Not all EU laws give citizens standing to bring claims.
Not all EU laws have direct effect.
In Van Gend en Loos v Nederlandse Administratie der Belastingen, it was held that the provisions of the Treaties are directly effective.
In Van Gend en Loos v Nederlandse Administratie der Belastingen, it was held that the provisions of EU Regulations are directly effective.
The provisions of the Treaties are directly effective if they are clear and unambiguous.
The provisions of the Treaties are directly effective if they are unconditional.
The provisions of the Treaties are directly effective if they did not require EU authorities to take further action to implement them.
The provisions of the Treaties are directly effective if they did not require national authorities to take further action to implement them.
Van Gend en Loos is a postal company.
Van Gend en Loos claimed that what is now TFEU article 30 prevented the Dutch Customs Authorities from charging tariffs.
The Dutch Customs Authorities charged tariffs when Van Gend en Loos imported urea-formaldehyde plastics from Germany to the Netherlands.
A Dutch court made a reference.
The Court of Justice held that the Treaties did not expressly confer a right on citizens to bring claims.
The Court of Justice held that the Treaties did not expressly confer a right on companies to bring claims.
The Court of Justice held that citizens could bring claims.
The Court of Justice held that companies could bring claims.
Historically, international treaties had only allowed states to have legal claims for their enforcement.
The Court of Justice proclaimed that the Community constitutes a new legal order of international law.
Article 30 clearly stated that no quantitative restrictions could be placed on trade.
Article 30 stated that no quantitative restrictions could be placed on trade without a good justification.
Van Gend en Loos could recover the money it paid for the tariff.
EU Regulations are the same as Treaty provisions in this sense.
TFEU article 288 states that EU Regulations are directly applicable in all Member States.
Member states come under a duty not to replicate Regulations in their own law.
The duty of member states is to prevent confusion.
In Commission v Italy, the Court of Justice held that Italy had breached a duty under the Treaties.
Italy failed to operate a scheme to pay farmers a premium to slaughter cows.
The purpose of the scheme was to reduce dairy overproduction.
Italy reproduced the rules in a decree with various additions.
The Court of Justice held that regulations come into force solely by virtue of their publication.
The implementation of regulations could have the effect of jeopardizing their simultaneous and uniform application in the whole of the Union.
Some Regulations may expressly require implementing measures.
In the case that some Regulations expressly require implementing measures, those specific rules should be followed.
The Treaties and Regulations will have direct effect if they are clear, unconditional, and immediate.
Directives do not generally give citizens standing to sue other citizens.
Directives do not generally give citizens standing to sue member states.
In theory, the reason is that TFEU article 288 states that Directives are addressed to the member states.
TFEU article 288 usually leaves to the national authorities the choice of form and methods to implement.
Directives often create minimum standards.
Member states are left to apply higher standards.
The Working Time Directive requires that every worker has at least 4 weeks of paid holidays each year.
Most member states require more than 28 days of paid holidays in national law.
Citizens have standing to make claims based on national laws that implement Directives.
Citizens do not have standing to make claims based on Directives themselves.
The current position adopted by the Court of Justice is that citizens have standing based on national laws.
Directives do not have horizontal direct effect.
There is a relationship between non-state parties.
This view was instantly controversial.
In the early 1990s, three Advocate Generals argued persuasively.
The Advocate Generals argued that Directives should create rights for all citizens.
The Advocate Generals argued that Directives should create duties for all citizens.
The Court of Justice refused.
There are five large exceptions.
If a Directive's deadline for implementation is not met, the member state cannot enforce conflicting laws.
A citizen may rely on the Directive in such an action.
The reliance of a citizen on the Directive in such an action is referred to as 'vertical' direct effect.
In the case of Pubblico Ministero v Ratti, the Italian government failed to implement Directive 73/173/EEC on packaging and labelling solvents by the deadline.
The Italian government was estopped from enforcing a conflicting national law from 1963.
The conflicting national law from 1963 was enforced against Mr Ratti's solvent and varnish business.
A member state could not rely on its own failure to perform the obligations which the Directive entails against individuals.
The obligations are entailed by the Directive.
A citizen can invoke a Directive.
A company can invoke a Directive.
A Directive can be invoked not just in a dispute with a public authority.
A Directive can also be invoked in a dispute with another citizen.
A Directive can also be invoked in a dispute with another company.
In CIA Security v Signalson and Securitel, the Court of Justice held that a business called CIA Security could defend itself from allegations by competitors.
The allegations by competitors were that CIA Security had not complied with a Belgian decree from 1991 about alarm systems.
CIA Security could defend itself on the basis that it had not been notified to the Commission.
The notification to the Commission was required by a Directive.
A Directive can give expression to a general principle of EU law.
A general principle of EU law can be invoked between private non-state parties.
The invocation of a general principle of EU law can occur before the deadline for implementation of the Directive.
The case Kücükdeveci v Swedex GmbH & Co KG is referenced.
The German Civil Code §622 stated that the years people worked under the age of 25 would not count towards the increasing statutory notice before dismissal.
Ms Kücükdeveci worked for 10 years for Swedex GmbH & Co KG.
Ms Kücükdeveci worked for Swedex GmbH & Co KG from age 18 to age 28.
Ms Kücükdeveci was dismissed from her position.
She claimed that the law not counting her years under age 25 was unlawful age discrimination.
The law not counting her years under age 25 is related to the Employment Equality Framework Directive.
The Employment Equality Framework Directive addresses issues of age discrimination.
The Court of Justice held that the Directive could be relied on by the individual.
Equality was also a general principle of EU law.
The defendant can be an emanation of the state.
The defendant can be an emanation of the state even if it is not the central government.
If the defendant is an emanation of the state, the defendant can still be bound by Directives.
In Foster v British Gas plc, the Court of Justice held that Mrs. Foster was entitled to bring a sex discrimination claim against her employer, British Gas plc.
British Gas plc made women retire at age 60.
British Gas plc made men retire at age 65.
The entitlement to bring a sex discrimination claim was contingent upon three conditions.
The first condition was that the claim was pursuant to a state measure.
The second condition was that British Gas plc provided a public service.
The third condition was that British Gas plc had special powers.
The statement could also be true if the enterprise is privatised.
The enterprise was held with a water company.
The water company was responsible for basic water provision.
National courts have a duty to interpret domestic law.
National courts must interpret domestic law as far as possible in the light of the wording of the directive.
National courts must interpret domestic law as far as possible in the light of the purpose of the directive.
Textbooks often called this 'indirect effect'.
The Court itself did not call this 'indirect effect'.
In Marleasing SA v La Comercial SA, the Court of Justice held that a Spanish Court had to interpret its general Civil Code provisions.
The general Civil Code provisions pertain to contracts lacking cause or defrauding creditors.
The interpretation of the general Civil Code provisions had to conform with the First Company Law Directive article 11.
The First Company Law Directive article 11 required that incorporations would only be nullified for a fixed list of reasons.
The Court of Justice quickly acknowledged a principle regarding the duty of interpretation.
The duty of interpretation cannot contradict plain words in a national statute.
A member state may fail to implement a Directive.
If a member state has failed to implement a Directive, a citizen may not be able to bring claims against other non-state parties.
A citizen can sue the member state itself for failure to implement the law.
In Francovich v Italy, the Italian government failed to set up an insurance fund for employees.
The insurance fund was intended for employees to claim unpaid wages.
Employees could claim unpaid wages if their employers had gone insolvent.
The Insolvency Protection Directive required the establishment of the insurance fund.
Francovich was a former employee of a bankrupt Venetian firm.
Francovich was allowed to claim 6 million Lira from the Italian government.
The claim was for damages for Francovich's loss.
The Court of Justice held that a Directive could confer identifiable rights on individuals.
There must be a causal link between a member state's violation of EU law and a claimant's loss.
If there is a causal link between a member state's violation of EU law and a claimant's loss, damages must be paid.
The incompatible law is an Act of Parliament.
The fact that the incompatible law is an Act of Parliament is no defence.
The principles of European Union law are rules of law.
The European Court of Justice developed the principles of European Union law.
The principles of European Union law constitute unwritten rules.
The unwritten rules of European Union law are not expressly provided for in the treaties.
The unwritten rules of European Union law affect how European Union law is interpreted.
The unwritten rules of European Union law affect how European Union law applies.
The courts have formulated principles.
The courts have drawn on a variety of sources.
The variety of sources includes public international law.
The variety of sources includes legal doctrines and principles present in the legal systems of European Union member states.
The variety of sources includes jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights.
Accepted general principles of European Union Law include fundamental rights.
Fundamental rights are related to human rights.
Accepted general principles of European Union Law include proportionality.
Accepted general principles of European Union Law include legal certainty.
Accepted general principles of European Union Law include equality before the law.
Accepted general principles of European Union Law include subsidiarity.
Proportionality is recognized as one of the general principles of European Union law.
The recognition of proportionality as a general principle of European Union law has been made by the European Court of Justice.
The European Court of Justice has recognized proportionality since the 1950s.
The general principle of proportionality states that the lawfulness of an action depends on certain criteria.
The lawfulness of an action depends on whether the action was appropriate to achieve the objectives legitimately pursued.
The lawfulness of an action depends on whether the action was necessary to achieve the objectives legitimately pursued.
When there is a choice between several appropriate measures, the least onerous measure must be adopted.
Any disadvantage caused must not be disproportionate to the aims pursued.
The principle of proportionality is recognised in Article 5 of the EC Treaty.
Article 5 of the EC Treaty states that any action by the Community shall not go beyond what is necessary to achieve the objectives of this Treaty.
The concept of legal certainty is recognised as one of the general principles of European Union law.
The European Court of Justice has recognised the concept of legal certainty since the 1960s.
There is an important general principle of international law.
There is an important general principle of public law.
The important general principle of international law predates European Union law.
The important general principle of public law predates European Union law.
As a general principle in European Union law, the law must be certain.
The law must be clear and precise.
The legal implications of the law must be foreseeable.
The requirement for foreseeability is especially important when the law is applied to financial obligations.
The adoption of laws must have a proper legal basis.
The laws must have legal effect in the European Union.
Legislation in member states must implement European Union law.
Legislation in member states must be worded clearly.
Legislation in member states must be understandable by those who are subject to the law.
In European Union law, the general principle of legal certainty exists.
The general principle of legal certainty prohibits Ex post facto laws.
Laws should not take effect before publication.
Laws require publication before they take effect.
The doctrine of legitimate expectation has its roots in the principles of legal certainty.
The doctrine of legitimate expectation has its roots in the principles of good faith.
The doctrine of legitimate expectation is a central element of the general principle of legal certainty in European Union law.
The legitimate expectation doctrine holds that individuals have certain expectations based on the law.
Individuals who act in good faith on the basis of law as it is or seems to be should not be frustrated in their expectations.
Fundamental rights are synonymous with human rights.
Fundamental rights were first recognised by the European Court of Justice in the late 1960s.
Fundamental rights are now regarded as an integral part of the general principles of European Union law.
The European Court of Justice is bound to draw inspiration from the constitutional traditions common to the member states.
The European Court of Justice cannot uphold measures.
The measures are incompatible with fundamental rights.
Fundamental rights are recognised and protected in the constitutions of member states.
The European Court of Justice found that international treaties for the protection of human rights can supply guidelines.
The member states have collaborated on international treaties for the protection of human rights.
The member states are signatories of international treaties for the protection of human rights.
The guidelines supplied by international treaties for the protection of human rights should be followed within the framework of Community law.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
None of the original treaties establishing the European Union mention protection for fundamental rights.
It was not envisaged for European Union measures to be subject to human rights.
European Union measures include legislative actions by European Union institutions.
European Union measures include administrative actions by European Union institutions.
At the time, the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights.
The European Convention on Human Rights was established in 1950.
The European Court of Human Rights was established.
The European Court of Justice recognised fundamental rights as a general principle of European Union law.
The need to ensure that European Union measures are compatible with human rights became ever more apparent.
The human rights are enshrined in member states' constitutions.
In 1999, the European Council set up a body.
The body was tasked with drafting a European Charter of Human Rights.
The European Charter of Human Rights could form the constitutional basis for the European Union.
The European Charter of Human Rights was tailored specifically to apply to the European Union.
The European Charter of Human Rights was tailored specifically to apply to the institutions of the European Union.
The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union draws a list of fundamental rights.
The list of fundamental rights is drawn from the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms.
The list of fundamental rights is drawn from the Declaration on Fundamental Rights produced by the European Parliament in 1989.
The list of fundamental rights is drawn from European Union Treaties.
The 2007 Lisbon Treaty explicitly recognised fundamental rights.
The 2007 Lisbon Treaty provides in Article 6(1) that the Union recognises the rights, freedoms and principles set out in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union was established on 7 December 2000.
The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union was adopted at Strasbourg on 12 December 2007.
The rights, freedoms and principles set out in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union shall have the same legal value as the Treaties.
The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union has become an integral part of European Union law.
The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union codifies the fundamental rights.
The fundamental rights were previously considered general principles of European Union law.
After the Lisbon Treaty, the Charter and the Convention co-exist under European Union law.
The Charter is enforced by the European Court of Justice in relation to European Union measures.
The Convention is enforced by the European Court of Human Rights in relation to measures by member states.
The Social Chapter is a chapter of the 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam.
The 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam covers social policy issues in European Union law.
The basis for the Social Chapter was developed in 1989.
The basis for the Social Chapter was developed by the representatives of the social partners.
UNICE was the employers' confederation.
The European Trade Union Confederation is abbreviated as ETUC.
CEEP is the European Centre of Public Enterprises.
A toned down version was adopted as the Social Charter.
The Social Charter was adopted at the 1989 Strasbourg European Council.
The Social Charter declares 30 general principles.
The Social Charter includes principles on fair remuneration of employment.
The Social Charter includes principles on health and safety at work.
The Social Charter includes principles on the rights of disabled individuals.
The Social Charter includes principles on the rights of elderly individuals.
The Social Charter includes principles on the rights of workers.
The Social Charter includes principles on vocational training.
The Social Charter includes principles on improvements of living conditions.
The Social Charter became the basis for European Community legislation on certain issues.
The basis for European Community legislation on these issues consists of 40 pieces of legislation.
The Social Charter was adopted in 1989.
The Social Charter was adopted by 11 member states.
There were 12 member states at that time.
The UK refused to sign the Social Charter.
The UK was exempt from the legislation covering Social Charter issues.
The UK was exempt from the legislation unless the UK agreed to be bound by the legislation.
The UK was the only member state to veto the Social Charter.
The Social Charter was intended to be included as the 'Social Chapter' of the 1992 Maastricht Treaty.
An Agreement on Social Policy was added as a protocol instead.
The UK was exempt from legislation arising from the protocol.
The UK would be bound by the legislation if it agreed to be bound by it.
The protocol was to become known as 'Social Chapter'.
The protocol was not actually a chapter of the Maastricht Treaty.
The European Union was to support the policies of member states.
The European Union was to complement the policies of member states.
The aims of the Agreement on Social Policy were to be achieved by the European Union.
The aims of the Agreement on Social Policy are defined.
The UK Labour Party was elected to government in 1997.
Following the election of the UK Labour Party to government in 1997, the UK formally subscribed to the Agreement on Social Policy.
The Agreement on Social Policy allowed the UK to be included with minor amendments as the Social Chapter of the 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam.
The UK subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the Agreement on Social Policy.
The Agreement on Social Policy included the 1994 Works Council Directive.
The 1994 Works Council Directive required workforce consultation in businesses.
The Agreement on Social Policy also included the 1996 Parental Leave Directive.
The 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam was adopted.
The Social Chapter was adopted in 1997.
The European Union undertook policy initiatives in various social policy areas in the 10 years following the 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam.
The various social policy areas include labour and industry relations.
The various social policy areas include equal opportunity.
The various social policy areas include health and safety.
The various social policy areas include public health.
The various social policy areas include protection of children.
The various social policy areas include protection of the disabled.
The various social policy areas include protection of the elderly.
The various social policy areas include poverty.
The various social policy areas include migrant workers.
The various social policy areas include education.
The various social policy areas include training.
The various social policy areas include youth.
EU Competition law has its origins in the European Coal and Steel Community agreement.
The European Coal and Steel Community agreement was established in 1951.
The European Coal and Steel Community agreement was between France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, and Germany.
The establishment of the European Coal and Steel Community agreement occurred following the second World War.
The agreement aimed to prevent Germany from re-establishing dominance in the production of coal and steel.
Members felt that Germany's dominance in the production of coal and steel had contributed to the outbreak of the war.
Article 65 of the agreement banned cartels.
Article 66 of the agreement made provisions for concentrations.
Article 66 of the agreement made provisions for mergers.
Article 66 of the agreement made provisions for the abuse of a dominant position by companies.
This was the first time that competition law principles were included in a plurilateral regional agreement.
The inclusion of competition law principles established the trans-European model of competition law.
In 1957, competition rules were included in the Treaty of Rome.
The Treaty of Rome is also known as the EC Treaty.
The Treaty of Rome established the European Economic Community.
The European Economic Community is abbreviated as EEC.
The Treaty of Rome established the enactment of competition law as one of the main aims of the European Economic Community.
The Treaty of Rome aimed to ensure that competition in the common market is not distorted.
The Treaty of Rome introduced the institution of a system for ensuring competition in the common market.
The two central provisions on EU competition law on companies were established in article 85.
Article 85 prohibited anti-competitive agreements.
Article 85 is subject to some exemptions.
Article 86 prohibited the abuse of dominant position.
The treaty established principles on competition law for member states.
Article 90 covers public undertakings.
Article 92 makes provisions on state aid.
Regulations on mergers were not included.
Member states could not establish consensus on the issue at the time.
Today, the Treaty of Lisbon prohibits anti-competitive agreements.
The prohibition of anti-competitive agreements is stated in Article 101(1) of the Treaty of Lisbon.
The prohibition includes price fixing.
Article 101(2) states that any such agreements are automatically void.
Article 101(3) establishes exemptions.
The exemptions apply if the collusion is for distributional innovation.
The exemptions apply if the collusion is for technological innovation.
The collusion gives consumers a fair share of the benefit.
The collusion does not include unreasonable restraints.
The unreasonable restraints do not risk eliminating competition anywhere.
The collusion is compliant with the general principle of European Union law of proportionality.
Article 102 prohibits the abuse of dominant position.
Price discrimination is an example of abuse of dominant position.
Exclusive dealing is an example of abuse of dominant position.
Article 102 allows the European Council to create regulations to govern mergers between firms.
The current regulation governing mergers between firms is Regulation 139/2004/EC.
The general test is whether a concentration exists.
The concentration is represented by the variable i.
A merger or acquisition has a community dimension.
A number of EU member states are affected.
The situation might significantly impede effective competition.
Articles 106 and 107 provide that a member state's right to deliver public services may not be obstructed.
Public enterprises must adhere to the same competition principles as companies.
Article 107 lays down a general rule.
The general rule states that the state may not aid or subsidise private parties in distortion of free competition.
Article 107 provides exemptions for charities.
Article 107 provides exemptions for regional development objectives.
Article 107 provides exemptions in the event of a natural disaster.
The concept of a 'social market economy' was introduced into EU law in 2007.
Free movement and trade were central to European development since the Treaty of Rome in 1957.
The standard theory of comparative advantage states that two countries can both benefit from trade.
One of the countries may have a less productive economy in all respects.
Like in other regional organisations, breaking down barriers to trade is meant to reduce consumer prices.
The North American Free Trade Association is an example of a regional organisation.
The World Trade Organisation is another example of a regional organisation.
Enhancing free movement of goods is meant to reduce consumer prices.
Enhancing free movement of services is meant to reduce consumer prices.
Enhancing free movement of labour is meant to reduce consumer prices.
Enhancing free movement of capital is meant to reduce consumer prices.
It was originally theorised that a free trade area had a tendency to give way to a customs union.
A customs union led to a common market.
A common market led to monetary union.
Monetary union led to a union of monetary and fiscal policy.
A union of monetary and fiscal policy led to political union.
Political union eventually led to a full union characteristic of a federal state.
In Europe, those stages were considerably mixed.
It remains unclear whether the 'endgame' should be the same as a state.
A state is traditionally understood in a specific way.
In practice, free trade can benefit some people and groups within countries.
Free trade can particularly benefit big business.
Free trade can benefit some people and groups much more than others.
Free trade can burden people who lack bargaining power in an expanding market.
Workers lack bargaining power in an expanding market.
Consumers lack bargaining power in an expanding market.
Small businesses lack bargaining power in an expanding market.
Developing industries lack bargaining power in an expanding market.
Communities lack bargaining power in an expanding market.
Standards to ensure fair trade are not present in free trade.
The Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union establishes the principle of free movement of goods in the EU.
Articles 28 to 37 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union establish the principle of free movement of goods in the EU.
Articles 45 to 66 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union require free movement of persons, services, and capital.
The so-called 'four freedoms' were thought to be inhibited by physical barriers.
There are differing laws on safety standards.
There are differing laws on consumer standards.
There are differing laws on environmental standards.
There are fiscal barriers.
There are different Value Added Tax rates.
The tension in the law exists.
The free movement and trade is not supposed to spill over into a licence for unrestricted commercial profit.
The Treaties limit free trade.
The Treaties prioritize other values.
The other values prioritized by the Treaties include public health.
The other values prioritized by the Treaties include consumer protection.
The other values prioritized by the Treaties include labour rights.
The other values prioritized by the Treaties include fair competition.
The other values prioritized by the Treaties include environmental improvement.
The Court of Justice has increasingly taken the view that the specific goals of free trade are important.
The specific goals of free trade are underpinned by the general aims of the treaty.
The general aims of the treaty are for the improvement of people's well being.
Free movement of goods within the European Union is achieved by a customs union.
Free movement of goods within the European Union is achieved by the principle of non-discrimination.
The EU manages imports from non-member states.
Duties between member states are prohibited.
Imports circulate freely.
The Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union includes article 34.
Article 34 states that quantitative restrictions on imports shall be prohibited between Member States.
Article 34 also states that all measures having equivalent effect shall be prohibited between Member States.
In Procureur du Roi v Dassonville, the Court of Justice held a legal interpretation.
The legal interpretation stated that the rule meant all trading rules would be caught by article 34.
The trading rules are enacted by Member States.
The trading rules could hinder trade directly.
The trading rules could hinder trade indirectly.
The trading rules could hinder trade actually.
The trading rules could hinder trade potentially.
A Belgian law required Scotch whisky imports to have a certificate of origin.
The Belgian law was unlikely to be lawful.
The action discriminated against parallel importers.
Mr Dassonville is a parallel importer.
Mr Dassonville could not get certificates from authorities in France.
Mr Dassonville bought the Scotch in France.
The wide test is used to determine what could potentially be an unlawful restriction on trade.
The wide test applies equally to actions by quasi-government bodies.
The former Buy Irish company had government appointees.
The statement means that states can be responsible for private actors.
In the case of Commission v France, French farmer vigilantes were continually sabotaging shipments of Spanish strawberries.
French farmer vigilantes were continually sabotaging shipments of Belgian tomato imports.
France was liable for these hindrances to trade.
The authorities manifestly and persistently abstained from preventing the sabotage.
Generally speaking, a member state may have laws or practices that directly discriminate against imports.
A member state may have laws or practices that directly discriminate against exports under TFEU article 35.
If a member state has laws or practices that directly discriminate against imports or exports, then those laws or practices must be justified under article 36.
The justifications include public morality.
The justifications include policy or security.
The justifications include protection of health and life of humans.
The justifications include protection of health and life of animals.
The justifications include protection of health and life of plants.
The justifications include national treasures.
The national treasures have artistic value.
The national treasures have historic value.
The national treasures have archaeological value.
The justifications include industrial property.
The justifications include commercial property.
Environmental protection can justify restrictions on trade.
The justification for restrictions on trade is an overriding requirement.
The overriding requirement is derived from TFEU article 11.
TFEU article 11 is not clearly listed.
It has been increasingly acknowledged that fundamental human rights should take priority over all trade rules.
In Schmidberger v Austria, the Court of Justice held that Austria did not infringe article 34.
Austria failed to ban a protest that blocked heavy traffic.
The heavy traffic was passing over the A13.
The A13 is known as the Brenner Autobahn.
The heavy traffic was en route to Italy.
Many companies were prevented from trading.
Mr Schmidberger's German undertaking was one of the companies that were prevented from trading.
The Court of Justice reasoned that freedom of association is one of the fundamental pillars of a democratic society.
The Court of Justice reasoned that the free movement of goods had to be balanced against freedom of association.
The Court of Justice reasoned that freedom of association was probably subordinate to the free movement of goods.
If a member state appeals to the article 36 justification, the measures taken by the member state have to be applied proportionately.
The rule must pursue a legitimate aim.
The rule must be suitable to achieve the aim.
The rule must be necessary, so that a less restrictive measure could not achieve the same result.
The rule must be reasonable in balancing the interests of free trade with interests in article 36.
Rules often apply to all goods neutrally.
Rules may have a greater practical effect on imports than on domestic products.
The Court of Justice has developed more justifications for indirect discriminatory measures.
Indirect discriminatory measures are also referred to as indistinctly applicable measures.
The justifications developed by the Court of Justice include those in article 36.
The justifications developed by the Court of Justice also include additional mandatory requirements.
The additional mandatory requirements include consumer protection.
The additional mandatory requirements include improving labour standards.
The additional mandatory requirements include protecting the environment.
The additional mandatory requirements include press diversity.
The additional mandatory requirements include fairness in commerce.
The categories of justifications developed by the Court of Justice are not closed.
Rewe-Zentral AG v Bundesmonopol für Branntwein is the most famous case.
The Court of Justice found that a German law required all spirits and liqueurs to have a minimum alcohol content of 25 per cent.
The German law applied to both imported and domestic spirits and liqueurs.
The Court of Justice found that the German law was contrary to TFEU article 34.
The Court of Justice determined that the German law had a greater negative effect on imports.
German liqueurs were over 25 per cent alcohol.
Cassis de Dijon had only 15 to 20 per cent alcohol.
Rewe-Zentrale AG wished to import Cassis de Dijon from France.
The Court of Justice rejected the arguments of the German government.
The German government argued that the measure proportionately protected public health under TFEU article 36.
Stronger beverages were available.
Adequate labelling would be enough for consumers to understand what they bought.
This rule primarily applies to requirements about a product's content.
This rule primarily applies to requirements about a product's packaging.
In Walter Rau Lebensmittelwerke v De Smedt PVBA, the Court of Justice found that a Belgian law required all margarine to be in cube shaped packages.
The Court of Justice found that the Belgian law infringed article 34.
The Court of Justice found that the Belgian law was not justified by the pursuit of consumer protection.
The argument that Belgians would believe it was butter if it was not cube shaped was disproportionate.
The argument would considerably exceed the requirements of the object in view.
Labelling would protect consumers just as effectively.
In a 2003 case, the Commission v Italy was presented.
Italian law required that cocoa products that included other vegetable fats could not be labelled as 'chocolate'.
The item had to be a chocolate substitute.
All Italian chocolate was made from cocoa butter alone.
British manufacturers used other vegetable fats.
Danish manufacturers used other vegetable fats.
Irish manufacturers used other vegetable fats.
They claimed that the law infringed article 34.
The Court of Justice held a ruling.
The ruling stated that a low content of vegetable fat did not justify a 'chocolate substitute' label.
The action or statement was derogatory.
The derogatory action or statement was perceived negatively in the eyes of consumers.
A neutral and objective statement was enough to protect consumers.
Member states can place considerable obstacles on the use of a product.
The placement of considerable obstacles on the use of a product by member states can infringe article 34.
In a 2009 case, the Court of Justice held that an Italian law prohibited motorcycles or mopeds from pulling trailers.
The Italian law infringed article 34.
The law applied neutrally to everyone.
The law disproportionately affected importers.
Italian companies did not make trailers.
The statement was not a product requirement.
The Court reasoned that the prohibition would deter people from buying the product.
The prohibition would have a considerable influence on the behaviour of consumers.
The behaviour of consumers affects the access of the product to the market.
Justification would be required under article 36.
Justification could also be a mandatory requirement.
Product requirements and other laws hinder market access.
The Court of Justice developed a presumption regarding selling arrangements.
The presumption states that selling arrangements would be presumed to not fall into TFEU article 34.
The presumption applies if selling arrangements apply equally to all sellers.
The presumption applies if selling arrangements affect all sellers in the same manner in fact.
In Keck and Mithouard, two importers claimed that their prosecution was unlawful.
The prosecution was under a French competition law.
The French competition law prevented the two importers from selling Picon beer under wholesale price.
The aim of the law was to prevent cut throat competition.
The aim of the law was not to hinder trade.
The Court of Justice held that it was an equally applicable selling arrangement.
The selling arrangement does not alter a product's content.
The selling arrangement was outside the scope of article 34.
The selling arrangement did not need to be justified.
Selling arrangements can be held to have an unequal effect in fact.
Selling arrangements have an unequal effect particularly where traders from another member state are seeking to break into the market.
There are restrictions on advertising.
There are restrictions on marketing.
In Konsumentombudsmannen v De Agostini, the Court of Justice reviewed Swedish bans on advertising to children under age 12.
The Court of Justice also reviewed misleading commercials for skin care products.
The bans have remained justifiable under article 36.
The bans have remained as a mandatory requirement.
The Court emphasised that complete marketing bans could be disproportionate.
Complete marketing bans could be disproportionate if advertising were the only effective form of promotion enabling a trader to penetrate the market.
In Konsumentombudsmannen v Gourmet AB, the Court suggested a total ban for advertising alcohol on the radio.
In Konsumentombudsmannen v Gourmet AB, the Court suggested a total ban for advertising alcohol on TV.
In Konsumentombudsmannen v Gourmet AB, the Court suggested a total ban for advertising alcohol in magazines.
The Court suggested that a total ban for advertising alcohol could fall within article 34.
Advertising was the only way for sellers to overcome consumers' traditional social practices.
Advertising was the only way for sellers to overcome local habits and customs to buy their products.
The national courts would decide whether the total ban for advertising alcohol was justified under article 36.
The justification under article 36 was to protect public health.
The Unfair Commercial Practices Directive is a regulation under the European Union.
The European Union harmonised restrictions on marketing and advertising.
The restrictions forbid conduct that distorts average consumer behaviour.
The restrictions forbid conduct that is misleading.
The restrictions forbid conduct that is aggressive.
The Unfair Commercial Practices Directive sets out a list of examples that count as unfair.
States have to give mutual recognition to each other's standards of regulation.
The European Union has attempted to harmonise minimum ideals of best practice.
The attempt to raise standards is hoped to avoid a regulatory 'race to the bottom'.
The attempt to raise standards is hoped to allow consumers access to goods from around the continent.
The Treaties were founded.
The Treaties sought to enable people to pursue their life goals in any country.
The Treaties aimed to achieve this through free movement.
The European Community originally focused upon free movement of workers.
The focus on free movement of workers reflects the economic nature of the project.
Workers are considered a factor of production.
From the 1970s, the focus shifted towards developing a more 'social' Europe.
Free movement was increasingly based on citizenship.
People had rights to empower them to become economically and socially active.
Economic activity was not a precondition for rights.
The basic 'worker' rights in TFEU article 45 function as a specific expression of the general rights of citizens in TFEU articles 18 to 21.
TFEU article 45 outlines the basic 'worker' rights.
TFEU articles 18 to 21 outline the general rights of citizens.
According to the Court of Justice, a 'worker' is anybody who is economically active.
The definition of a 'worker' includes everyone in an employment relationship.
A 'worker' is under the direction of another person.
A 'worker' receives remuneration.
A job need not be paid in money.
Someone can be protected as a worker.
In Steymann v Staatssecretaris van Justitie, a German man claimed the right to residence in the Netherlands.
The German man volunteered plumbing and household duties in the Bhagwan community.
The Bhagwan community provided for everyone's material needs irrespective of their contributions.
The Court of Justice held that Mr Steymann was entitled to stay.
Mr Steymann was entitled to stay so long as there was at least an 'indirect quid pro quo' for the work Mr Steymann did.
Having 'worker' status means protection against all forms of discrimination.
The protection against discrimination applies to governments.
The protection against discrimination applies to employers.
The protection against discrimination applies in access to employment.
The protection against discrimination applies in tax rights.
The protection against discrimination applies in social security rights.
A citizen is any person having the nationality of a Member State.
A citizen has rights to seek work.
A citizen has rights to vote in local elections.
A citizen has rights to vote in European elections.
A citizen has more restricted rights to claim social security.
In practice, free movement has become politically contentious.
Nationalist political parties have manipulated fears about immigrants.
Nationalist political parties have claimed that immigrants are taking away people's jobs.
Nationalist political parties have claimed that immigrants are taking away people's benefits.
The manipulation of fears about immigrants taking away jobs and benefits is paradoxical.
Practically all available research finds little impact of labour mobility on wages of local workers.
Practically all available research finds little impact of labour mobility on employment of local workers.
The Free Movement of Workers Regulation articles 1 to 7 set out the main provisions on equal treatment of workers.
The Free Movement of Workers Regulation includes articles 1 to 7.
Articles 1 to 7 of the Free Movement of Workers Regulation contain provisions on equal treatment of workers.
Articles 1 to 4 generally require that workers can take up employment.
Articles 1 to 4 generally require that workers can conclude contracts.
Articles 1 to 4 generally require that workers do not suffer discrimination compared to nationals of the member state.
In a famous case, the Belgian Football Association was involved in a legal dispute with Jean-Marc Bosman.
Jean-Marc Bosman was a Belgian footballer.
Jean-Marc Bosman claimed that he should be able to transfer from R.
de Liège moved to USL Dunkerque when his contract finished.
The transfer occurred regardless of whether USL Dunkerque could afford to pay de Liège the habitual transfer fees.
The Court of Justice held that the transfer rules constituted an obstacle to free movement.
The transfer rules were unlawful unless they could be justified in the public interest.
It was unlikely that the transfer rules could be justified in the public interest.
In Groener v Minister for Education, the Court of Justice accepted a requirement to speak Gaelic to teach in a Dublin design college.
The requirement to speak Gaelic could be justified as part of the public policy of promoting the Irish language.
The justification for the requirement to speak Gaelic is contingent upon the measure not being disproportionate.
In the case of Angonese v Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano SpA, a bank in Bolzano, Italy, was involved.
Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano SpA is a bank located in Bolzano, Italy.
Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano SpA was not allowed to require Mr. Angonese to have a bilingual certificate.
The bilingual certificate could only be obtained in Bolzano.
The Court of Justice gave horizontal direct effect to TFEU article 45.
The Court of Justice reasoned that people from other countries would have little chance of acquiring the certificate.
The Court of Justice stated that it was impossible to submit proof of the required linguistic knowledge by any other means.
The Court of Justice concluded that the measure was disproportionate.
Article 7(2) requires equal treatment in respect of tax.
In Finanzamt Köln Altstadt v Schumacker, the Court of Justice held that it contravened TFEU article 45 to deny tax benefits.
The statement refers to married couples.
The statement refers to social insurance expense deductions.
The man worked in Germany.
The man was a resident in Belgium.
Other German residents received the benefits.
In Weigel v Finanzlandesdirektion für Vorarlberg, the Court of Justice rejected Mr. Weigel's claim.
Mr. Weigel claimed that a re-registration charge upon bringing his car to Austria violated his right to free movement.
The re-registration charge was imposed upon bringing Mr. Weigel's car to Austria.
The tax was likely to have a negative bearing on the decision of migrant workers to exercise their right to freedom of movement.
The charge applied equally to Austrians.
There was an absence of EU legislation on the matter.
In the absence of EU legislation on the matter, the tax had to be regarded as justified.
People must receive equal treatment regarding social advantages.
The Court has approved residential qualifying periods.
In Hendrix v Employee Insurance Institute, the Court of Justice held a ruling.
The ruling stated that a Dutch national was not entitled to continue receiving incapacity benefits.
The Dutch national moved to Belgium.
The incapacity benefit was closely linked to the socio-economic situation of the Netherlands.
In Geven v Land Nordrhein-Westfalen, the Court of Justice held a ruling.
The ruling stated that a Dutch woman living in the Netherlands did not have a right to receive German child benefits.
The Dutch woman worked between 3 and 14 hours a week in Germany.
The ruling contrasted with the situation of the wife of a man who worked full-time in Germany.
The man who worked full-time in Germany was resident in Austria.
The wife of the man who worked full-time in Germany could receive German child benefits.
The general justifications for limiting free movement in TFEU article 45(3) are public policy.
The general justifications for limiting free movement in TFEU article 45(3) are public security.
The general justifications for limiting free movement in TFEU article 45(3) are public health.
There is a general exception in TFEU article 45(4) for employment in the public service.
Citizenship of the European Union has increasingly been seen as a 'fundamental' status of member state nationals by the Court of Justice.
The Court of Justice has accordingly increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move.
The Court has required that higher education should be more accessible.
The Court has required that other forms of vocational training should be more accessible.
The accessibility of higher education and other forms of vocational training is subject to qualifying periods.
In Commission v Austria, the Court held that Austria was not entitled to restrict places in Austrian universities to Austrian students.
Austria aimed to avoid structural problems.
Austria aimed to avoid staffing problems.
Austria aimed to avoid financial problems.
Foreign students, mainly from Germany, applied for places in Austrian universities.
There was little evidence of an actual problem regarding the restriction of places.
The Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union creates rights for workers.
Workers generally lack bargaining power in the market.
The Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union protects the freedom of establishment.
The freedom of establishment is mentioned in article 49 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
The Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union protects the freedom to provide services.
The freedom to provide services is mentioned in article 56 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
In Gebhard v Consiglio dell’Ordine degli Avvocati e Procuratori di Milano, the Court of Justice held that to be 'established' means to participate in economic life on a stable and continuous basis.
The Court of Justice held that providing 'services' meant pursuing activity more on a temporary basis.
A lawyer from Stuttgart had set up chambers in Milan.
The lawyer from Stuttgart was censured by the Milan Bar Council for not having registered.
The lawyer from Stuttgart was entitled to bring a claim under establishment freedom.
The lawyer from Stuttgart was not entitled to bring a claim under service freedom.
The requirements to be registered in Milan must be non-discriminatory.
The requirements to be registered in Milan must be justified by imperative requirements in the general interest.
The requirements to be registered in Milan must be proportionately applied.
Being able to practice would be allowed if the requirements to be registered in Milan meet the specified conditions.
All people or entities that engage in economic activity have a right to set up an enterprise without unjustified restrictions.
The self-employed are included in the category of people or entities that engage in economic activity.
Companies are included in the category of entities that engage in economic activity.
Firms are included in the category of entities that engage in economic activity.
The term 'undertakings' refers to companies or firms.
The Court of Justice has held that a member state government can hinder freedom of establishment.
The Court of Justice has held that a private party can hinder freedom of establishment.
Article 49 has both 'vertical' direct effect and 'horizontal' direct effect.
In Reyners v Belgium, the Court of Justice held a decision.
The decision was that a refusal to admit a lawyer to the Belgian bar was unjustified.
The lawyer lacked Belgian nationality.
TFEU article 49 states that states are exempt from infringing others' freedom of establishment when they exercise official authority.
The work done by an advocate is not considered official work.
The work done by a court is considered official work.
In Commission v Italy, the Court of Justice held a ruling.
The ruling stated that a requirement for lawyers in Italy to comply with maximum tariffs was not a restriction.
The requirement for lawyers in Italy to comply with maximum tariffs applied unless there was an agreement with a client.
The Grand Chamber of the Court of Justice held a decision.
The Commission had not proven that there was any object or effect of limiting practitioners from entering the market.
There was no prima facie infringement of freedom of establishment.
The lack of prima facie infringement of freedom of establishment did not need to be justified.
In 2006, a toxic waste spill occurred off the coast of Côte d'Ivoire.
The toxic waste spill was from a European ship.
The toxic waste spill prompted the Commission to look into legislation against toxic waste.
Stavros Dimas is the Environment Commissioner.
Stavros Dimas stated a position regarding highly toxic waste.
Stavros Dimas stated that such highly toxic waste should never have left the European Union.
Countries such as Spain do not have a crime against shipping toxic waste.
Franco Frattini is the Justice, Freedom and Security Commissioner.
Franco Frattini proposed to create criminal sentences for ecological crimes.
Dimas collaborated with Franco Frattini on the proposal.
The competence for the Union to do this was contested in 2005 at the Court of Justice.
The result of the contestation was a victory for the Commission.
The ruling set a precedent.
The Commission may legislate in criminal law on a supranational basis.
Legislation in criminal law by the Commission has never been done before.
So far, the only other proposal has been the draft intellectual property rights directive.
Motions were tabled in the European Parliament against the legislation.
The basis for the motions was that criminal law should not be an EU competence.
The motions were rejected at vote.
In October 2007, the Court of Justice ruled that the Commission could not propose what the criminal sanctions could be.
The Court of Justice ruled that there must be some criminal sanctions.
The freedom to provide services applies under TFEU article 56.
The freedom to provide services applies to people who give services for remuneration.
The services provided for remuneration can include commercial activity.
The services provided for remuneration can include professional activity.
In the case of Van Binsbergen v Bestuur van de Bedrijfvereniging voor de Metaalnijverheid, a Dutch lawyer moved to Belgium.
The Dutch lawyer was advising a client in a social security case.
The Dutch lawyer was told he could not continue advising the client.
Dutch law states that only people established in the Netherlands can give legal advice.
The Court of Justice held that the freedom to provide services applied.
The freedom to provide services was directly effective.
The rule was probably unjustified.
Having an address in the member state would be enough to pursue the legitimate aim of good administration of justice.
The Court of Justice has held that secondary education falls outside the scope of article 56.
The Court of Justice has held that the state usually funds secondary education.
The Court of Justice has held that higher education does not fall outside the scope of article 56.
Health care generally counts as a service.
Mrs Geraets-Smits claimed she should be reimbursed by Dutch social insurance.
Mrs Geraets-Smits received treatment in Germany.
The case is titled Geraets-Smits v Stichting Ziekenfonds.
The Dutch health authorities regarded the treatment as unnecessary.
She argued that the classification of the treatment as unnecessary restricted the freedom of the German health clinic to provide services.
Several governments submitted a claim regarding hospital services.
The claim states that hospital services should not be regarded as economic.
The claim states that hospital services should not fall within article 56.
The Court of Justice held that health was a service.
The government paid for the service.
The service recipient did not pay for the service.
National authorities could be justified in refusing to reimburse patients for medical services abroad.
The justification for refusing reimbursement depends on whether the health care received at home was without undue delay.
The justification for refusing reimbursement also depends on whether the health care received at home followed international medical science.
International medical science determines which treatments count as normal and necessary.
The Court requires that the individual circumstances of a patient justify waiting lists.
The requirement of the Court is also true in the context of the UK's National Health Service.
Public services are one field of services.
Another sensitive field of services is those classified as illegal.
Josemans v Burgemeester van Maastricht is a legal case.
The Netherlands has regulations regarding cannabis consumption.
Some municipalities in the Netherlands have prohibitions on tourists going to coffee shops.
The prohibitions on tourists going to coffee shops do not apply to Dutch nationals.
The court held that the Netherlands' regulation of cannabis consumption fell outside article 56 altogether.
The Court of Justice reasoned that narcotic drugs were controlled in all member states.
The control of narcotic drugs in all member states differed from other cases.
In other cases, prostitution or other quasi-legal activity was subject to restriction.
An activity may fall within article 56.
A restriction can be justified under article 52.
A restriction can be justified under overriding requirements developed by the Court of Justice.
Alpine Investments BV was a business that sold commodities futures.
Alpine Investments BV worked with Merrill Lynch and another banking firm.
Alpine Investments BV attempted to challenge a Dutch law.
The Dutch law prohibited cold calling customers.
The Court of Justice held the Dutch prohibition pursued a legitimate aim.
The legitimate aim of the Dutch prohibition was to prevent undesirable developments in securities trading.
The Dutch prohibition aimed to protect the consumer from aggressive sales tactics.
The Dutch prohibition aimed at maintaining confidence in the Dutch markets.
In Omega Spielhallen GmbH v Bonn, a laserdrome business was banned.
The ban was enacted by the Bonn council.
It bought fake laser gun services from a UK firm.
The UK firm is called Pulsar Ltd.
Residents had protested against 'playing at killing' entertainment.
The Court of Justice held a decision.
The German constitutional value of human dignity underpinned the ban.
The German constitutional value of human dignity counted as a justified restriction on freedom to provide services.
In Liga Portuguesa de Futebol v Santa Casa da Misericórdia de Lisboa, the Court of Justice held that the state monopoly on gambling was justified.
The Court of Justice held that a penalty for a Gibraltar firm was justified.
The Gibraltar firm had sold internet gambling services.
The justification for the state monopoly on gambling was to prevent fraud.
The justification for the state monopoly on gambling was to prevent gambling where people's views were highly divergent.
The ban was proportionate.
The ban was an appropriate way to tackle the serious problems of fraud that arise over the internet.
The ban was a necessary way to tackle the serious problems of fraud that arise over the internet.
Serious problems of fraud arise over the internet.
In the Services Directive, a group of justifications were codified in article 16.
The case law has developed the group of justifications.
The Court of Justice held in R (Daily Mail and General Trust plc) v HM Treasury.
The case R (Daily Mail and General Trust plc) v HM Treasury involved companies.
The Court of Justice held that member states could restrict a company moving its seat of business.
The restriction on a company moving its seat of business does not infringe TFEU article 49.
The Daily Mail newspaper has a parent company.
The parent company of the Daily Mail newspaper could not evade tax by shifting its residence to the Netherlands.
The parent company of the Daily Mail newspaper had to settle its tax bills in the UK before shifting its residence to the Netherlands.
The UK did not need to justify its action.
Rules on company seats were not yet harmonised.
Centros Ltd v Erhversus-og Selkabssyrelsen is a legal case.
The Court of Justice found that a UK limited company was operating in Denmark.
The UK limited company could not be required to comply with Denmark's minimum share capital rules.
UK law required £1 of capital to start a company.
Denmark's legislature took the view that companies should only be started up if they had 200,000 Danish krone.
200,000 Danish krone is around €27,000.
The purpose of requiring 200,000 Danish krone is to protect creditors if the company failed and went insolvent.
The Court of Justice held that Denmark's minimum capital law infringed Centros Ltd's freedom of establishment.
The Court of Justice held that Denmark's minimum capital law could not be justified.
A company in the UK could provide services in Denmark without being established in Denmark.
There were less restrictive means of achieving the aim of creditor protection.
The approach was criticised as potentially opening the European Union to unjustified regulatory competition.
The approach was criticised as potentially leading to a race to the bottom in standards.
In the United States, the state of Delaware attracts most companies.
Delaware is often argued to have the worst standards of accountability of boards.
Delaware has low corporate taxes as a result of its regulatory environment.
In Überseering BV v Nordic Construction GmbH, the Court of Justice held a legal ruling.
The Court of Justice held that a German court could not deny a Dutch building company the right to enforce a contract in Germany.
The reason for the ruling was that the Dutch building company was not validly incorporated in Germany.
Restrictions on freedom of establishment could be justified by creditor protection.
Restrictions on freedom of establishment could be justified by labour rights to participate in work.
Restrictions on freedom of establishment could be justified by the public interest in collecting taxes.
Denial of capacity went too far.
Denial of capacity was an outright negation of the right of establishment.
The Court of Justice affirmed that corporations are created by law.
Corporations are in principle subject to any rules for formation.
A state of incorporation wishes to impose rules for formation.
The Hungarian authorities could prevent a company from shifting its central administration to Italy.
The company still operated in Hungary.
The company was incorporated in Hungary.
The court draws a distinction between the right of establishment for foreign companies and the right of the state to determine conditions for companies incorporated in its territory.
Restrictions on the right of establishment for foreign companies must be justified.
It is not entirely clear why the court draws this distinction.
The Amazon rainforest is also known in English as Amazonia.
The Amazon rainforest is also known in English as the Amazon Jungle.
The Amazon rainforest is a moist broadleaf forest.
The Amazon rainforest covers most of the Amazon basin of South America.
In Portuguese, the Amazon rainforest is referred to as Floresta Amazônica or Amazônia.
In Spanish, the Amazon rainforest is referred to as Selva Amazónica, Amazonía or usually Amazonia.
In French, the Amazon rainforest is referred to as Forêt amazonienne.
In Dutch, the Amazon rainforest is referred to as Amazoneregenwoud.
This basin encompasses 7,000,000 square kilometres.
7,000,000 square kilometres is equivalent to 2,700,000 square miles.
5,500,000 square kilometres are covered by the rainforest.
5,500,000 square kilometres is equivalent to 2,100,000 square miles.
This region includes territory.
The territory belongs to nine nations.
The majority of the forest is contained within Brazil.
Brazil contains 60% of the rainforest.
Peru contains 13% of the rainforest.
Colombia contains 10% of the rainforest.
Venezuela contains a minor amount of the rainforest.
Ecuador contains a minor amount of the rainforest.
Bolivia contains a minor amount of the rainforest.
Guyana contains a minor amount of the rainforest.
Suriname contains a minor amount of the rainforest.
French Guiana contains a minor amount of the rainforest.
States or departments exist in four nations.
The names of these states or departments contain 'Amazonas'.
The Amazon represents over half of the planet's remaining rainforests.
The Amazon comprises the largest tract of tropical rainforest in the world.
The Amazon comprises the most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world.
The Amazon has an estimated 390 billion individual trees.
The 390 billion individual trees in the Amazon are divided into 16,000 species.
The Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event occurred.
The extinction of the dinosaurs followed the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event.
The climate became wetter after the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event.
The wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent.
From 66 million years ago to 34 million years ago, the rainforest extended as far south as 45 degrees.
Climate fluctuations occurred during the last 34 million years.
Climate fluctuations have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics.
During the Oligocene, the rainforest spanned a relatively narrow band.
The formation expanded again during the Middle Miocene.
The formation retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum.
The rainforest still managed to thrive during the glacial periods.
The thriving of the rainforest allowed for the survival of a broad diversity of species.
The thriving of the rainforest allowed for the evolution of a broad diversity of species.
During the mid-Eocene, it is believed that the drainage basin of the Amazon was split along the middle of the continent.
The Purus Arch split the drainage basin of the Amazon.
Water on the eastern side flowed toward the Atlantic.
Water on the western side flowed toward the Pacific.
Water flowed across the Amazonas Basin.
The Andes Mountains rose.
A large basin was created as the Andes Mountains rose.
The large basin enclosed a lake.
The lake is now known as the Solimões Basin.
Within the last 5–10 million years, accumulating water broke through the Purus Arch.
The accumulating water joined the easterly flow toward the Atlantic.
There is evidence of significant changes in Amazon rainforest vegetation.
The significant changes in Amazon rainforest vegetation occurred over the last 21,000 years.
The significant changes in Amazon rainforest vegetation occurred through the Last Glacial Maximum.
The significant changes in Amazon rainforest vegetation occurred during the subsequent deglaciation.
Analyses of sediment deposits were conducted from Amazon basin paleolakes.
Analyses of sediment deposits were conducted from the Amazon Fan.
Rainfall in the Amazon basin during the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM) was lower than for the present.
The lower rainfall in the Amazon basin during the LGM was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin.
There is debate over how extensive this reduction was.
Some scientists argue that the rainforest was reduced to small, isolated refugia.
The small, isolated refugia were separated by open forest and grassland.
Other scientists argue that the rainforest remained largely intact.
The rainforest extended less far to the north than is seen today.
The rainforest extended less far to the south than is seen today.
The rainforest extended less far to the east than is seen today.
The debate has proved difficult to resolve.
The practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the Amazon basin.
Both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data.
NASA's CALIPSO satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the Sahara to the Amazon.
An average of 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the Sahara each year.
The dust is transported at 15 degrees west longitude.
The dust is transported across 1,600 miles (2,600 km) over the Atlantic Ocean.
Some dust falls into the Atlantic Ocean.
The dust is transported at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of South America.
7 million tons of dust fall over the Amazon basin.
7 million tons of dust represent 15% of the total dust.
132 million tons of dust remain in the air.
43 million tons of dust are windblown.
43 million tons of dust fall on the Caribbean Sea.
The Caribbean Sea is located past 75 degrees west longitude.
For a long time, researchers thought that the Amazon rainforest was only ever sparsely populated.
It was impossible to sustain a large population through agriculture in the Amazon rainforest.
The soil in the Amazon rainforest is poor.
Betty Meggers was an archeologist.
Betty Meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea.
Betty Meggers described this idea in her book titled Amazonia: Man and Culture in a Counterfeit Paradise.
She claimed a population density of 0.
There are 2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
52 individuals per square mile is the maximum population density that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting.
Agriculture is needed to host a larger population.
Recent anthropological findings have suggested that the region was densely populated.
The region was actually densely populated.
Some 5 million people may have lived in the Amazon region in AD 1500.
The population in the Amazon region was divided between dense coastal settlements.
An example of a dense coastal settlement is Marajó.
The population in the Amazon region also included inland dwellers.
By 1900, the population had fallen to 1 million.
By the early 1980s, the population was less than 200,000.
The first European to travel the length of the Amazon River was Francisco de Orellana.
Francisco de Orellana traveled the length of the Amazon River in 1542.
The BBC's Unnatural Histories presents evidence.
Orellana was correct in his observations.
Orellana's observations were about a complex civilization.
The complex civilization was flourishing along the Amazon in the 1540s.
It was previously thought that Orellana was exaggerating his claims.
It is believed that the civilization was later devastated by the spread of diseases from Europe.
The diseases from Europe included smallpox.
Numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land since the 1970s.
The geoglyphs date between AD 0 and AD 1250.
The discovery of geoglyphs further claims about Pre-Columbian civilizations.
Ondemar Dias is accredited with first discovering the geoglyphs in 1977.
Alceu Ranzi is accredited with furthering the discovery of the geoglyphs after flying over Acre.
The BBC's Unnatural Histories presented evidence about the Amazon rainforest.
The Amazon rainforest has been shaped by man for at least 11,000 years.
The Amazon rainforest is not a pristine wilderness.
Practices such as forest gardening and terra preta have shaped the Amazon rainforest.
Terra preta is also known as black earth.
Terra preta is distributed over large areas in the Amazon forest.
Terra preta is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management.
The development of fertile soil allowed agriculture in the previously hostile environment.
The development of fertile soil allowed silviculture in the previously hostile environment.
Large portions of the Amazon rainforest are probably the result of centuries of human management.
Large portions of the Amazon rainforest are not naturally occurring as has previously been supposed.
Remains of some large settlements were found in the region of the Xingu tribe.
The large settlements were located in the middle of the Amazon forest.
The remains were found in 2003.
Michael Heckenberger was a researcher.
Michael Heckenberger was affiliated with the University of Florida.
Michael Heckenberger had colleagues.
There was evidence of roads.
There was evidence of bridges.
There was evidence of large plazas.
The region is home to about 2.
There are 5 million insect species.
There are tens of thousands of plants.
There are approximately 2,000 bird species.
There are approximately 2,000 mammal species.
At least 40,000 plant species have been scientifically classified in the region.
At least 2,200 fishes have been scientifically classified in the region.
At least 1,294 birds have been scientifically classified in the region.
At least 427 mammals have been scientifically classified in the region.
At least 428 amphibians have been scientifically classified in the region.
At least 378 reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region.
One in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the Amazon.
One in five of the fish species live in Amazonian rivers and streams.
Scientists have described between 96,660 and 128,843 invertebrate species.
The invertebrate species described by scientists are located in Brazil.
The biodiversity of plant species is the highest on Earth.
A 2001 study found that a quarter square kilometer of Ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species.
A quarter square kilometer is equivalent to 62 acres.
The Ecuadorian rainforest is the location of the study.
A study was conducted in 1999.
The study found that one square kilometer of Amazon rainforest can contain about 90,790 tonnes of living plants.
One square kilometer is equivalent to 247 acres.
The average plant biomass is estimated at 356 tonnes per hectare.
The average plant biomass has a margin of error of ± 47 tonnes per hectare.
An estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region.
Many more species of plants of economic and social interest remain to be discovered or catalogued in the region.
The total number of tree species in the region is estimated at 16,000.
The rainforest contains several species.
Several species in the rainforest can pose a hazard.
The black caiman is one of the largest predatory creatures.
The jaguar is one of the largest predatory creatures.
The cougar is one of the largest predatory creatures.
The anaconda is one of the largest predatory creatures.
Electric eels can produce an electric shock in the river.
The electric shock produced by electric eels can stun or kill.
Piranha are known to bite humans.
Piranha can injure humans.
Various species of poison dart frogs secrete lipophilic alkaloid toxins.
Lipophilic alkaloid toxins are secreted through the flesh of various species of poison dart frogs.
There are numerous parasites.
There are disease vectors.
Vampire bats dwell in the rainforest.
Vampire bats can spread the rabies virus.
Malaria can be contracted in the Amazon region.
Yellow fever can be contracted in the Amazon region.
Dengue fever can be contracted in the Amazon region.
Deforestation is the conversion of forested areas to non-forested areas.
Forested areas are areas that are covered with forests.
Non-forested areas are areas that are not covered with forests.
The main sources of deforestation in the Amazon are human settlement.
The main sources of deforestation in the Amazon are development of the land.
Access to the forest's interior was highly restricted prior to the early 1960s.
The forest remained basically intact prior to the early 1960s.
Farms were established during the 1960s.
The farms were based on crop cultivation.
The farms were based on the slash and burn method.
The colonists were unable to manage their fields.
The colonists were unable to manage their crops.
The loss of soil fertility affected the colonists' ability to manage their fields and crops.
Weed invasion affected the colonists' ability to manage their fields and crops.
The soils in the Amazon are productive for just a short period of time.
Farmers are constantly moving to new areas.
Farmers are clearing more land.
These farming practices led to deforestation.
These farming practices caused extensive environmental damage.
Deforestation is considerable.
Areas cleared of forest are visible to the naked eye from outer space.
Between 1991 and 2000, the total area of forest lost in the Amazon rose from 415,000 square kilometres to 587,000 square kilometres.
The total area of forest lost in the Amazon rose from 160,000 square miles to 227,000 square miles.
Most of the lost forest in the Amazon became pasture for cattle.
Seventy percent of formerly forested land in the Amazon is used for livestock pasture.
Ninety-one percent of land deforested since 1970 is used for livestock pasture.
Brazil is the second-largest global producer of soybeans.
The United States is the largest global producer of soybeans.
New research was conducted by Leydimere Oliveira et al.
The more rainforest is logged in the Amazon, the less precipitation reaches the area.
The lower the yield per hectare becomes as a result of less precipitation.
There has been no economical advantage for Brazil from logging rainforest zones.
There has been no economical advantage for Brazil from converting rainforest zones to pastoral fields.
The popular perception is that there is an economical advantage for Brazil from logging rainforest zones and converting these to pastoral fields.
The needs of soy farmers have been used to justify many controversial transportation projects.
Many controversial transportation projects are currently developing in the Amazon.
The first two highways successfully opened up the rainforest.
The opening of the first two highways led to increased settlement.
The opening of the first two highways led to deforestation.
The mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 was 22,392 km2 per year.
The mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 was 8,646 sq mi per year.
The mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 was 18% higher than the mean annual deforestation rate in the previous five years.
The mean annual deforestation rate in the previous five years was 19,018 km2 per year.
The mean annual deforestation rate in the previous five years was 7,343 sq mi per year.
Deforestation has declined significantly in the Brazilian Amazon between 2004 and 2014.
There has been an increase in deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon to the present day.
Environmentalists are concerned about the loss of biodiversity.
The loss of biodiversity will result from the destruction of the forest.
Environmentalists are also concerned about the release of carbon contained within the vegetation.
The release of carbon contained within the vegetation could accelerate global warming.
Amazonian evergreen forests account for about 10% of the world's terrestrial primary productivity.
Amazonian evergreen forests account for about 10% of the carbon stores in ecosystems.
The carbon stores in ecosystems are of the order of 1.
1 × 1011 metric tonnes is a quantity of carbon.
1 × 1011 metric tonnes of carbon represents a large amount of carbon.
Amazonian forests are estimated to have accumulated 0.
The expression is 62 ± 0.
The value of 62 ± 0 is 62.
The range of values for 62 ± 0 is from 62 to 62.
37 tons of carbon were produced per hectare per year.
The production of 37 tons of carbon per hectare per year occurred between 1975 and 1996.
One computer model predicts future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions.
The computer model shows that the Amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall.
The computer model shows that the Amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of increased temperatures.
The unsustainable conditions could lead to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the Amazon basin by 2100.
Simulations of Amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response.
The estimations of rainfall response range from weak increases to strong decreases.
The result indicates that the rainforest could be threatened by climate change.
The rainforest could be threatened by deforestation.
The rainforest could be threatened throughout the 21st century.
Indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation.
Indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by ecocide.
Deforestation and ecocide are occurring in the Peruvian Amazon.
Indigenous peoples' rainforest communities continue to disappear.
Some indigenous peoples, like the Urarina, continue to struggle for their cultural survival.
The Urarina continue to struggle for the fate of their forested territories.
The relationship between non-human primates and the subsistence of indigenous lowland South American peoples has gained increased attention.
The relationship between non-human primates and the symbolism of indigenous lowland South American peoples has gained increased attention.
Ethno-biology has gained increased attention.
Community-based conservation efforts have gained increased attention.
The use of remote sensing is for the conservation of the Amazon.
Indigenous tribes of the Amazon basin are using remote sensing.
Indigenous tribes of the Amazon basin are using remote sensing to protect their tribal lands.
Indigenous tribes of the Amazon basin are protecting their tribal lands from commercial interests.
Members of the Trio Tribe live in the rainforests of southern Suriname.
Members of the Trio Tribe use handheld GPS devices.
Members of the Trio Tribe use programs like Google Earth.
Members of the Trio Tribe map out their ancestral lands.
Mapping out ancestral lands helps strengthen the territorial claims of the Trio Tribe.
Currently, most tribes in the Amazon do not have clearly defined boundaries.
The lack of clearly defined boundaries makes it easier for commercial ventures to target the territories of the tribes in the Amazon.
Accurately mapping the Amazon's biomass is important.
Accurately mapping the Amazon's subsequent carbon related emissions is important.
The classification of tree growth stages within different parts of the forest is crucial.
In 2006, Tatiana Kuplich organized the trees of the Amazon into four categories.
The first category is mature forest.
The second category is regenerating forest with less than three years of regrowth.
The third category is regenerating forest with between three and five years of regrowth.
The fourth category is regenerating forest with eleven to eighteen years of continued development.
The researcher used a combination of Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) and Thematic Mapper (TM).
Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) is a type of radar used for earth observation.
Thematic Mapper (TM) is a type of satellite sensor used for earth observation.
The researcher aimed to accurately place the different portions of the Amazon into one of the four classifications.
In 2005, parts of the Amazon basin experienced the worst drought in one hundred years.
There were indications that 2006 could have been a second successive year of drought.
A July 23, 2006 article was published in the UK newspaper The Independent.
The article reported results from the Woods Hole Research Center.
The Woods Hole Research Center results showed that the forest in its present form could survive only three years of drought.
Scientists at the Brazilian National Institute of Amazonian Research argue in the article about the drought response.
The drought response is coupled with the effects of deforestation on regional climate.
The drought response and the effects of deforestation are pushing the rainforest towards a tipping point.
The tipping point is where the rainforest would irreversibly start to die.
The forest is on the brink of being turned into savanna.
The forest is on the brink of being turned into desert.
The transformation of the forest into savanna or desert would have catastrophic consequences for the world's climate.
In 2010, the Amazon rainforest experienced another severe drought.
The severe drought in 2010 was more extreme than the drought in 2005.
The affected region was approximately 1,160,000 square miles of rainforest.
1,160,000 square miles is equivalent to 3,000,000 km2.
The affected region was compared to 734,000 square miles in 2005.
734,000 square miles is equivalent to 1,900,000 km2.
The 2010 drought had three epicenters.
The vegetation died off at the three epicenters of the 2010 drought.
In 2005, the drought was focused on the southwestern part.
The findings were published in the journal Science.
Science is a journal.
In a typical year, the Amazon absorbs 1.
5 gigatons of carbon dioxide were released during 2005.
5 gigatons of carbon dioxide were released in 2005.
8 gigatons of carbon dioxide were released in 2010.
Ctenophora is a phylum of animals.
Ctenophora commonly known as comb jellies.
Ctenophora live in marine waters worldwide.
The term ctenophore is the singular form of Ctenophora.
The word ctenophore is pronounced as /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/.
The name Ctenophora is derived from the Greek word κτείς kteis meaning 'comb'.
The name Ctenophora is derived from the Greek word φέρω pherō meaning 'carry'.
The most distinctive feature of the animals is the 'combs'.
'Combs' are groups of cilia.
The animals use the 'combs' for swimming.
The animals are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia.
Adults of various species range from a few millimeters in size to 1 unit in size.
The size is 5 meters.
The size is equivalent to 4 feet 11 inches.
Cnidarians have bodies that consist of a mass of jelly.
The bodies of cnidarians have one layer of cells on the outside.
The bodies of cnidarians have another layer of cells lining the internal cavity.
In ctenophores, the layers are two cells deep.
In cnidarians, the layers are only one cell deep.
Some authors combined ctenophores and cnidarians in one phylum.
The phylum is called Coelenterata.
Ctenophores rely on water flow through the body cavity for digestion.
Ctenophores rely on water flow through the body cavity for respiration.
Cnidarians rely on water flow through the body cavity for digestion.
Cnidarians rely on water flow through the body cavity for respiration.
Increasing awareness of the differences occurred.
The increasing awareness of the differences persuaded more recent authors.
More recent authors classified the organisms as separate phyla.
Almost all ctenophores are predators.
Ctenophores take prey ranging from microscopic larvae to rotifers.
Ctenophores take prey that includes the adults of small crustaceans.
There are exceptions among ctenophores.
The exceptions are juveniles of two species.
The juveniles of the two species live as parasites on salps.
Adults of the two species feed on the salps.
Ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day.
Ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day in favorable circumstances.
Only 100–150 species have been validated.
Possibly another 25 species have not been fully described.
Possibly another 25 species have not been named.
The textbook examples are cydippids.
Cydippids have egg-shaped bodies.
Cydippids have a pair of retractable tentacles.
The retractable tentacles are fringed with tentilla.
Tentilla are referred to as 'little tentacles'.
The tentilla are covered with colloblasts.
Colloblasts are sticky cells.
Colloblasts capture prey.
The phylum has a wide range of body forms.
The body forms include the flattened, deep-sea platyctenids.
The adults of most species of platyctenids lack combs.
The body forms also include the coastal beroids.
The coastal beroids lack tentacles.
The coastal beroids prey on other ctenophores.
The coastal beroids use huge mouths to prey on other ctenophores.
The huge mouths of coastal beroids are armed with groups of large, stiffened cilia.
The groups of large, stiffened cilia act as teeth.
These variations enable different species to build huge populations in the same area.
Different species specialize in different types of prey.
Different species capture prey by a wide range of methods.
Spiders use a wide range of methods to capture prey.
Most species are hermaphrodites.
A single hermaphrodite animal can produce both eggs and sperm.
A single hermaphrodite animal can fertilize its own egg.
A single hermaphrodite animal does not need a mate.
Some organisms are simultaneous hermaphrodites.
Simultaneous hermaphrodites can produce both eggs and sperm at the same time.
Some organisms are sequential hermaphrodites.
In sequential hermaphrodites, the eggs mature at different times than the sperm.
Fertilization is generally external.
Platyctenids' eggs are fertilized inside the bodies of platyctenids' parents.
Platyctenids' eggs are kept inside the bodies of platyctenids' parents until they hatch.
The young are generally planktonic.
In most species, the young look like miniature cydippids.
The young gradually change into their adult shapes as they grow.
The exceptions are the beroids.
The young of the beroids are miniature beroids.
The young of the beroids have large mouths.
The young of the beroids have no tentacles.
The exceptions also include the platyctenids.
The young of the platyctenids live as cydippid-like plankton.
The young of the platyctenids live until they reach near-adult size.
The young of the platyctenids then sink to the bottom.
The young of the platyctenids rapidly metamorphose into the adult form.
In at least some species, juveniles are capable of reproduction.
Juveniles are capable of reproduction before reaching the adult size.
Juveniles are capable of reproduction before reaching the adult shape.
The combination of hermaphroditism enables small populations to grow at an explosive rate.
Early reproduction enables small populations to grow at an explosive rate.
The combination of hermaphroditism and early reproduction enables small populations to grow at an explosive rate.
Ctenophores may be abundant during the summer months in some coastal locations.
Ctenophores are uncommon and difficult to find in other places.
Ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms in bays where ctenophores occur in very high numbers.
Small zooplanktonic organisms include copepods.
Copepods might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton.
Phytoplankton are planktonic plants.
Phytoplankton are a vital part of marine food chains.
One ctenophore is named Mnemiopsis.
Mnemiopsis has been accidentally introduced into the Black Sea.
Mnemiopsis is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse in the Black Sea.
Mnemiopsis eats both fish larvae and organisms.
The organisms that Mnemiopsis eats would otherwise have fed the fish.
The situation was aggravated by other factors.
One of the factors that aggravated the situation was over-fishing.
Another factor that aggravated the situation was long-term environmental changes.
Long-term environmental changes promoted the growth of the Mnemiopsis population.
The later accidental introduction of Beroe helped to mitigate the problem.
Beroe preys on other ctenophores.
Fossils thought to represent ctenophores have been found in lagerstätten.
The fossils of ctenophores date back to the early Cambrian.
The early Cambrian occurred about 515 million years ago.
The ctenophores had soft, gelatinous bodies.
The ctenophores apparently had no tentacles.
The ctenophores had many more comb-rows than modern forms.
The position of the ctenophores in the evolutionary family tree of animals has long been debated.
The majority view at present is based on molecular phylogenetics.
The majority view is that cnidarians are more closely related to bilaterians than either cnidarians or bilaterians are to ctenophores.
A recent molecular phylogenetics analysis concluded that the common ancestor of all modern ctenophores was cydippid-like.
All the modern groups of ctenophores appeared relatively recently.
The appearance of all the modern groups of ctenophores probably occurred after the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event.
The Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event occurred 66 million years ago.
Evidence has been accumulating since the 1980s.
The evidence indicates that the cydippids are not monophyletic.
The term 'not monophyletic' means that the cydippids do not include all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor.
All the other traditional ctenophore groups are descendants of various cydippids.
Ctenophores form an animal phylum.
The animal phylum formed by Ctenophores is more complex than sponges.
The animal phylum formed by Ctenophores is about as complex as cnidarians.
Cnidarians include jellyfish and sea anemones.
Bilaterians include almost all other animals.
Bilaterians are more complex than the subject being discussed.
Ctenophores have cells bound by inter-cell connections.
Ctenophores have carpet-like basement membranes.
Ctenophores have muscles.
Ctenophores have nervous systems.
Some ctenophores have sensory organs.
Cnidarians have cells bound by inter-cell connections.
Cnidarians have carpet-like basement membranes.
Cnidarians have muscles.
Cnidarians have nervous systems.
Some cnidarians have sensory organs.
Ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts.
Colloblasts are sticky and adhere to prey.
A few ctenophore species lack colloblasts.
Ctenophores have two main layers of cells.
The two main layers of cells in ctenophores sandwich a middle layer of jelly-like material.
The jelly-like material is called mesoglea in cnidarians.
The jelly-like material is called mesoglea in ctenophores.
More complex animals have three main cell layers.
More complex animals do not have an intermediate jelly-like layer.
Ctenophores have traditionally been labelled diploblastic.
Cnidarians have traditionally been labelled diploblastic.
Sponges have traditionally been labelled diploblastic.
Ctenophores, cnidarians, and sponges are grouped together as diploblastic organisms.
Ctenophores have a type of muscle.
Cnidarians have a type of muscle.
In more complex animals, the type of muscle arises from the middle cell layer.
Some recent textbooks classify ctenophores as triploblastic.
Other recent textbooks still regard ctenophores as diploblastic.
The size ranges from about 1 millimeter.
1 millimeter is equivalent to 0.1 centimeters.
5 meters is a measurement of length.
4 is a numerical value.
Ctenophores are the largest non-colonial animals.
Ctenophores can grow to 9 feet in size.
Ctenophores use cilia as their main method of locomotion.
Cilia are also referred to as 'hairs'.
Most species have eight strips that run the length of their bodies.
The eight strips are called comb rows.
The comb rows bear comb-like bands of cilia.
The comb-like bands of cilia are called ctenes.
The ctenes are stacked along the comb rows.
When the cilia beat, those of each comb touch the comb below.
The name 'ctenophora' means 'comb-bearing'.
The term 'ctenophora' is derived from the Greek word κτείς.
The stem-form of the Greek word κτείς is κτεν-.
The Greek word κτείς means 'comb'.
The Greek suffix -φορος means 'carrying'.
Ctenophores belong to a phylum with relatively few species.
Ctenophores have a wide range of body plans.
Coastal species need to be tough enough to withstand waves.
Coastal species need to be tough enough to withstand swirling sediment particles.
Some oceanic species are very fragile.
It is very difficult to capture some oceanic species intact for study.
Oceanic species do not preserve well.
Oceanic species are known mainly from photographs.
Oceanic species are known mainly from observers' notes.
Most attention has concentrated on three coastal genera.
The three coastal genera are Pleurobrachia, Beroe, and Mnemiopsis.
Most attention has concentrated on these three coastal genera until recently.
At least two textbooks base their descriptions of ctenophores on the cydippid Pleurobrachia.
Pleurobrachia is a type of cydippid.
The internal cavity forms a mouth.
The mouth can usually be closed by muscles.
The internal cavity forms a pharynx.
The pharynx is also known as the throat.
The internal cavity forms a wider area in the center.
The wider area in the center acts as a stomach.
The internal cavity forms a system of internal canals.
The branches extend through the mesoglea to the most active parts of the animal.
The most active parts of the animal include the mouth and pharynx.
The roots of the tentacles, if present, are included in the most active parts of the animal.
The underside of each comb row is included in the most active parts of the animal.
There are four branches around the sensory complex at the far end from the mouth.
Two of the four branches terminate in anal pores.
The inner surface of the cavity is lined with an epithelium.
The epithelium is called the gastrodermis.
The mouth has cilia.
The mouth has well-developed muscles.
The pharynx has cilia.
The pharynx has well-developed muscles.
In other parts of the canal system, the gastrodermis is different on the sides nearest to the organ that it supplies.
In other parts of the canal system, the gastrodermis is different on the sides furthest from the organ that it supplies.
The nearer side is composed of tall nutritive cells.
Tall nutritive cells store nutrients in vacuoles.
Vacuoles are internal compartments.
The nearer side is composed of germ cells.
Germ cells produce eggs or sperm.
The nearer side is composed of photocytes.
Photocytes produce bioluminescence.
The side furthest from the organ is covered with ciliated cells.
Ciliated cells circulate water through the canals.
The canals are punctuated by ciliary rosettes.
Ciliary rosettes are pores that are surrounded by double whorls of cilia.
Ciliary rosettes connect to the mesoglea.
The outer surface bears usually eight comb rows.
The eight comb rows are called swimming-plates.
The swimming-plates are used for swimming.
The rows are oriented to run from near the mouth.
The mouth is referred to as the 'oral pole'.
The rows run to the opposite end.
The opposite end is referred to as the 'aboral pole'.
The rows are spaced more or less evenly around the body.
Spacing patterns vary by species.
In most species, the comb rows extend only part of the distance from the aboral pole towards the mouth.
The combs are also called ctenes.
The combs are also called comb plates.
The combs run across each row.
Each comb consists of thousands of unusually long cilia.
The length of the cilia can be up to 2 millimeters.
Conventional cilia and flagella have a filament structure arranged in a 9 + 2 pattern.
These cilia are arranged in a 9 + 3 pattern.
The extra compact filament in these cilia is suspected to have a supporting function.
These normally beat so that the propulsion stroke is away from the mouth.
These can also reverse direction.
Ctenophores usually swim in the direction in which the mouth is pointing.
Ctenophores are different from jellyfish.
One species can accelerate to six times its normal speed when trying to escape predators.
Some other species reverse direction as part of their escape behavior.
Some other species reverse the power stroke of the comb plate cilia to escape.
It is uncertain how ctenophores control their buoyancy.
Experiments have shown that some species of ctenophores rely on osmotic pressure to adapt to water of different densities.
The body fluids of the entities are normally as concentrated as seawater.
If organisms enter less dense brackish water, the ciliary rosettes in the body cavity may pump less dense brackish water into the mesoglea.
The pumping of less dense brackish water into the mesoglea may increase the bulk of the mesoglea.
The pumping of less dense brackish water into the mesoglea may decrease the density of the mesoglea.
The purpose of increasing the bulk and decreasing the density of the mesoglea is to avoid sinking.
If organisms move from brackish water to full-strength seawater, the rosettes may pump water out of the mesoglea.
The purpose of pumping water out of the mesoglea is to reduce its volume.
Reducing the volume of the mesoglea may increase its density.
The largest single sensory feature is the aboral organ.
The aboral organ is located at the opposite end from the mouth.
The main component of the balance sensor is a statocyst.
A statocyst is a balance sensor.
A statocyst consists of a statolith.
A statolith is a solid particle.
The statolith is supported on four bundles of cilia.
The four bundles of cilia are called 'balancers'.
The balancers sense the orientation of the statolith.
The statocyst is protected by a transparent dome.
The transparent dome is made of long, immobile cilia.
A ctenophore does not automatically try to keep the statolith resting equally on all the balancers.
The response of the animal is determined by the animal's mood.
The mood of the animal refers to the overall state of the nervous system.
A ctenophore can have trailing tentacles.
A ctenophore captures prey.
When a ctenophore captures prey, it will often put some comb rows into reverse.
Putting some comb rows into reverse allows the ctenophore to spin the mouth towards the prey.
Cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded.
Cydippid ctenophores sometimes have nearly spherical bodies.
Cydippid ctenophores sometimes have cylindrical bodies.
Cydippid ctenophores sometimes have egg-shaped bodies.
The common coastal sea gooseberry is Pleurobrachia.
Pleurobrachia sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end.
Some individuals of Pleurobrachia are more uniformly round.
A pair of long, slender tentacles extends from opposite sides of the body.
Each tentacle is housed in a sheath.
The tentacles can be withdrawn into the sheath.
Some species of cydippids have bodies that are flattened to various extents.
The bodies of some species of cydippids are wider in the plane of the tentacles.
The tentacles of cydippid ctenophores are typically fringed with tentilla.
Tentilla are referred to as 'little tentacles'.
A few genera of cydippid ctenophores have simple tentacles.
The simple tentacles do not have sidebranches.
The tentacles are densely covered with microscopic colloblasts.
The tentilla are densely covered with microscopic colloblasts.
Microscopic colloblasts capture prey by sticking to it.
Colloblasts are specialized mushroom-shaped cells in the outer layer of the epidermis.
Colloblasts have three main components.
The first main component of colloblasts is a domed head with vesicles that contain adhesive.
The second main component of colloblasts is a stalk that anchors the cell in the lower layer of the epidermis.
The second main component of colloblasts can also anchor the cell in the mesoglea.
The third main component of colloblasts is a spiral thread that coils around the stalk.
The spiral thread is attached to the head of the colloblast.
The spiral thread is also attached to the root of the stalk.
The function of the spiral thread is uncertain.
The spiral thread may absorb stress when prey tries to escape.
The absorption of stress by the spiral thread may prevent the collobast from being torn apart.
Members of the genus Haeckelia incorporate their victims' stinging nematocytes into their own tentacles.
Members of the genus Haeckelia feed mainly on jellyfish.
Colloblasts are present in members of the genus Haeckelia.
Some cnidaria-eating nudibranchs incorporate nematocytes into their bodies for defense.
The tentilla of Euplokamis differ significantly from the tentilla of other cydippids.
The tentilla of Euplokamis contain striated muscle.
Striated muscle is a cell type otherwise unknown in the phylum Ctenophora.
The tentilla of Euplokamis are coiled when relaxed.
The tentilla of all other known ctenophores elongate when relaxed.
Euplokamis' tentilla have three types of movement that are used in capturing prey.
The first type of movement is that Euplokamis' tentilla may flick out very quickly.
The flicking movement occurs in 40 to 60 milliseconds.
The second type of movement is that Euplokamis' tentilla can wriggle.
The wriggling movement may lure prey by behaving like small planktonic worms.
The third type of movement is that Euplokamis' tentilla coil round prey.
The unique flicking is an uncoiling movement.
The unique flicking is powered by contraction of the striated muscle.
The wriggling motion is produced by smooth muscles.
The smooth muscles are of a highly specialized type.
Coiling around prey is accomplished largely by the return of the tentilla to their inactive state.
The coils may be tightened by smooth muscle.
There are eight rows of combs.
The eight rows of combs run from near the mouth to the opposite end.
The eight rows of combs are spaced evenly round the body.
The combs beat in a metachronal rhythm.
The metachronal rhythm is similar to that of a Mexican wave.
From each balancer in the statocyst, a ciliary groove runs out under the dome.
The ciliary groove splits to connect with two adjacent comb rows.
In some species, the ciliary groove runs all the way along the comb rows.
This forms a mechanical system for transmitting the beat rhythm from the combs to the balancers.
The mechanical system transmits the beat rhythm via water disturbances created by the cilia.
The cilia create water disturbances.
The Lobata have a pair of lobes.
The lobes of the Lobata are muscular.
The lobes of the Lobata are cuplike extensions of the body.
The lobes of the Lobata project beyond the mouth.
The inconspicuous tentacles originate from the corners of the mouth.
The tentacles run in convoluted grooves.
The tentacles spread out over the inner surface of the lobes.
The tentacles do not trail far behind.
Cydippida is a group that has tentacles trailing far behind.
Many species of lobates have four auricles.
The auricles are gelatinous projections.
The auricles are edged with cilia.
The cilia produce water currents.
The water currents help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth.
This combination of structures enables lobates to feed continuously on suspended planktonic prey.
The combination of structures is responsible for enabling lobates to feed continuously.
Lobates are organisms that feed continuously on suspended planktonic prey.
Suspended planktonic prey is the type of food that lobates feed on continuously.
Lobates have eight comb-rows.
The eight comb-rows originate at the aboral pole.
The eight comb-rows usually do not extend beyond the body to the lobes.
Some species of Lobates have four auricles.
The cilia edging the auricles are extensions of cilia in four of the comb rows.
Most lobates are quite passive when moving through the water.
Most lobates use the cilia on their comb rows for propulsion.
Leucothea has long and active auricles.
The movements of Leucothea's auricles contribute to propulsion.
Members of the lobate genera Bathocyroe and Ocyropsis can escape from danger by clapping their lobes.
Clapping their lobes creates a jet of expelled water.
The jet of expelled water drives members of the lobate genera Bathocyroe and Ocyropsis backwards very quickly.
The movements of lobates' combs are coordinated by nerves.
The movements of cydippids' combs are coordinated by water disturbances created by the cilia.
Combs on the same row of lobates beat in the same Mexican wave style.
The comb rows of cydippids are mechanically coordinated.
The comb rows of beroids are mechanically coordinated.
Lobates may have grown larger than cydippids.
Lobates may have had shapes that are less egg-like.
The Beroida are also known as Nuda.
The Beroida have no feeding appendages.
The Beroida have a large pharynx.
The large pharynx is located just inside the large mouth.
The large pharynx fills most of the saclike body.
The large pharynx bears 'macrocilia' at the oral end.
These fused bundles consist of several thousand large cilia.
These fused bundles are able to 'bite' off pieces of prey.
The pieces of prey that are bitten off are too large to swallow whole.
The prey that is bitten off is almost always other ctenophores.
In front of the field of macrocilia, there is a pair of narrow strips of adhesive epithelial cells on the stomach wall in some species of Beroe.
The pair of narrow strips of adhesive epithelial cells on the stomach wall zip the mouth shut when the animal is not feeding.
The zipping of the mouth occurs by forming intercellular connections with the opposite adhesive strip.
The tight closure streamlines the front of the animal.
The animal is pursuing prey.
The Cestida are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals.
The Cestida are also known as belt animals.
The mouth of the Cestida is aligned in the middle of one edge of the ribbon.
The aboral organ of the Cestida is aligned in the middle of the opposite edge of the ribbon.
There is a pair of comb-rows along each aboral edge.
Tentilla are emerging from a groove along the oral edge.
Tentilla stream back across most of the wing-like body surface.
Cestids can swim by undulating their bodies.
Cestids can swim by the beating of their comb-rows.
There are two known species with worldwide distribution in warm waters.
There are two known species with worldwide distribution in warm-temperate waters.
Cestum veneris is known as 'Venus' girdle'.
Cestum veneris is among the largest ctenophores.
Cestum veneris can grow up to 1 meter.
5 meters is a measurement of length.
4 is a numerical value.
The length of the object is 9 feet.
The object can undulate slowly.
The object can undulate quite rapidly.
Velamen parallelum is a type of plant structure.
Velamen parallelum is typically less than 20 centimeters in length.
The object is 66 feet long.
The object can move much faster.
The movement of the object has been described as a 'darting motion'.
Most Platyctenida have oval bodies.
The bodies of most Platyctenida are flattened in the oral-aboral direction.
Most Platyctenida have a pair of tentilla-bearing tentacles.
The tentilla-bearing tentacles are located on the aboral surface.
They cling to surfaces.
They creep on surfaces.
They evert the pharynx.
They use the everted pharynx as a muscular 'foot'.
All but one of the known platyctenid species lack comb-rows.
One of the known platyctenid species has comb-rows.
Platyctenids are usually cryptically colored.
Platyctenids live on rocks.
Platyctenids live on algae.
Platyctenids live on the body surfaces of other invertebrates.
Platyctenids are often revealed by their long tentacles.
Platyctenids have many sidebranches on their long tentacles.
The long tentacles of Platyctenids are seen streaming off the back of the ctenophore into the current.
Almost all species are hermaphrodites.
Hermaphrodites function as both males and females at the same time.
Two species of the genus Ocryopsis have individuals that remain of the same single sex all their lives.
The gonads are located in the parts of the internal canal network under the comb rows.
Eggs are released via pores in the epidermis.
Sperm is released via pores in the epidermis.
Fertilization is external in most species.
Platyctenids use internal fertilization.
Platyctenids keep the eggs in brood chambers until the eggs hatch.
Self-fertilization has occasionally been seen in species of the genus Mnemiopsis.
Most of the hermaphroditic species of the genus Mnemiopsis are thought to be self-fertile.
The development of the fertilized eggs is direct.
There is no distinctive larval form in the development of the fertilized eggs.
Juveniles of all groups generally resemble miniature cydippid adults.
In the genus Beroe, the juveniles lack tentacles.
In the genus Beroe, the juveniles lack tentacle sheaths.
In the genus Beroe, the adults lack tentacles.
In the genus Beroe, the adults lack tentacle sheaths.
In most species, the juveniles gradually develop the body forms of their parents.
Some groups include the flat, bottom-dwelling platyctenids.
The juveniles of platyctenids behave more like true larvae.
The juveniles of platyctenids live among the plankton.
The juveniles of platyctenids occupy a different ecological niche from their parents.
The juveniles of platyctenids attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis.
The juveniles of platyctenids drop to the sea-floor.
Some species produce secretions when disturbed.
Bathyctena chuni is one of the species that produce secretions when disturbed.
Euplokamis stationis is one of the species that produce secretions when disturbed.
Eurhamphaea vexilligera is one of the species that produce secretions when disturbed.
The secretions produced by these species are ink.
The ink produced by these species luminesces at much the same wavelengths as their bodies.
Juveniles will luminesce more brightly in relation to their body size than adults.
The luminescence of adults is diffused over their bodies.
A detailed statistical investigation has not suggested the function of ctenophores' bioluminescence.
A detailed statistical investigation has not produced any correlation between the exact color of ctenophores' bioluminescence and any aspect of the ctenophores' environments.
The aspects of the ctenophores' environments include depth.
The aspects of the ctenophores' environments include whether ctenophores live in coastal waters.
The aspects of the ctenophores' environments include whether ctenophores live in mid-ocean waters.
Almost all ctenophores are predators.
There are no vegetarians among ctenophores.
There is only one genus of ctenophores that is partly parasitic.
If food is plentiful, a certain group of entities can eat 10 times their own weight per day.
Beroe preys mainly on other ctenophores.
Other surface-water species prey on zooplankton.
Zooplankton includes planktonic animals.
Planktonic animals range in size from the microscopic to small adult crustaceans.
Microscopic planktonic animals include mollusc larvae and fish larvae.
Small adult crustaceans include copepods, amphipods, and even krill.
Members of the genus Haeckelia prey on jellyfish.
Members of the genus Haeckelia incorporate their prey's nematocysts into their own tentacles.
Nematocysts are stinging cells.
Members of the genus Haeckelia do not incorporate colloblasts into their own tentacles.
Ctenophores have been compared to spiders.
Ctenophores have a wide range of techniques for capturing prey.
Some Ctenophores hang motionless in the water using their tentacles as webs.
Some Ctenophores are ambush predators.
Salticid jumping spiders are a type of ambush predator.
Some Ctenophores dangle a sticky droplet at the end of a fine thread.
Bolas spiders dangle a sticky droplet at the end of a fine thread.
This variety explains the wide range of body forms in a phylum.
The phylum has rather few species.
The two-tentacled cydippid Lampea feeds exclusively on salps.
Salps are close relatives of sea-squirts.
Salps form large chain-like floating colonies.
Juveniles of Lampea attach themselves like parasites to salps.
The salps that juveniles of Lampea attach themselves to are too large for juveniles of Lampea to swallow.
Members of the cydippid genus Pleurobrachia often reach high population densities at the same place and time.
Members of the lobate Bolinopsis often reach high population densities at the same place and time.
Members of the cydippid genus Pleurobrachia specialize in different types of prey.
Pleurobrachia's long tentacles mainly capture relatively strong swimmers.
Relatively strong swimmers include adult copepods.
Bolinopsis generally feeds on smaller, weaker swimmers.
Smaller, weaker swimmers include rotifers.
Smaller, weaker swimmers include mollusc larvae.
Smaller, weaker swimmers include crustacean larvae.
Ctenophores used to be regarded as 'dead ends' in marine food chains.
It was thought that the low ratio of organic matter to salt and water made ctenophores a poor diet for other animals.
It is often difficult to identify the remains of ctenophores in the guts of possible predators.
The combs of ctenophores sometimes remain intact long enough to provide a clue.
A detailed investigation of chum salmon showed that chum salmon digest ctenophores 20 times as fast as an equal weight of shrimps.
Ctenophores can provide a good diet for chum salmon if there are enough ctenophores around.
Beroids are a type of organism.
Beroids prey mainly on other ctenophores.
Some jellyfish eat large quantities of ctenophores.
Some turtles eat large quantities of ctenophores.
Jellyfish may temporarily wipe out ctenophore populations.
Ctenophores often have large seasonal variations in population.
Jellyfish often have large seasonal variations in population.
Most fish that prey on ctenophores and jellyfish are generalists.
Generalist fish may have a greater effect on ctenophore populations than specialist jelly-eaters.
Generalist fish may have a greater effect on jellyfish populations than specialist jelly-eaters.
An observation of herbivorous fishes deliberately feeding on gelatinous zooplankton exists.
The observation occurs during blooms in the Red Sea.
The larvae of some sea anemones are parasites on ctenophores.
The larvae of some flatworms parasitize fish when the flatworms reach adulthood.
In the late 1980s, the Western Atlantic ctenophore Mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the Black Sea.
The Western Atlantic ctenophore Mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the Sea of Azov via the ballast tanks of ships.
The introduction of the Western Atlantic ctenophore Mnemiopsis leidyi has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches.
The Western Atlantic ctenophore Mnemiopsis leidyi eats both fish larvae and small crustaceans.
The small crustaceans would otherwise feed the adult fish.
Mnemiopsis is well equipped to invade new territories.
The prediction of Mnemiopsis successfully colonizing the Black Sea was not made until after it had already done so.
Mnemiopsis can breed very rapidly.
Mnemiopsis can tolerate a wide range of water temperatures.
Mnemiopsis can tolerate a wide range of salinities.
The impact was increased by chronic overfishing.
The impact was increased by eutrophication.
Eutrophication gave the entire ecosystem a short-term boost.
The short-term boost caused the Mnemiopsis population to increase even faster than normal.
The impact was increased by the absence of efficient predators on the introduced ctenophores.
Mnemiopsis populations in those areas were eventually brought under control.
The control of Mnemiopsis populations was achieved by the accidental introduction of the North American ctenophore Beroe ovata.
Beroe ovata is a ctenophore that eats Mnemiopsis.
The control of Mnemiopsis populations was also achieved by a cooling of the local climate from 1991 to 1993.
The cooling of the local climate from 1991 to 1993 significantly slowed the metabolism of Mnemiopsis.
The abundance of plankton in the area seems unlikely to be restored to pre-Mnemiopsis levels.
Pre-Mnemiopsis levels refer to the abundance of plankton before the influence of Mnemiopsis.
Ctenophores have soft, gelatinous bodies.
Ctenophores are extremely rare as fossils.
Fossils that have been interpreted as ctenophores have been found only in lagerstätten.
Lagerstätten are places where the environment was exceptionally suited to the preservation of soft tissue.
Until the mid-1990s, only two specimens good enough for analysis were known.
Both specimens were members of the crown group.
Both specimens were from the early Devonian (Emsian) period.
Three additional putative species were found in the Burgess Shale.
The Burgess Shale is a geological formation in Canada.
Three additional putative species were found in other Canadian rocks of similar age.
The age of the rocks is about 505 million years ago.
The time period is the mid-Cambrian period.
All three apparently lacked tentacles.
All three had between 24 and 80 comb rows.
The number of comb rows is far more than the 8 typical of living species.
The entities being discussed appear to have internal organ-like structures.
The internal organ-like structures are unlike anything found in living ctenophores.
One of the fossil species was first reported in 1996.
The fossil species had a large mouth.
The large mouth was apparently surrounded by a folded edge.
The folded edge may have been muscular.
Evidence from China suggests that ctenophores were widespread in the Cambrian.
The evidence from China was recorded a year later.
The ctenophores from the Cambrian were perhaps very different from modern species.
One fossil's comb-rows were mounted on prominent vanes.
The Ediacaran Eoandromeda could putatively represent a comb jelly.
The early Cambrian sessile frond-like fossil Stromatoveris is from China's Chengjiang lagerstätte.
Stromatoveris is dated to about 515 million years ago.
Stromatoveris is very similar to Vendobionta.
Vendobionta is from the preceding Ediacaran period.
De-Gan Shu is a named entity.
Simon Conway Morris is a named entity.
Simon Conway Morris is associated with De-Gan Shu.
De-Gan Shu and Simon Conway Morris are part of a group referred to as et al.
They found rows of cilia on the branches.
They considered the rows of cilia to be used for filter feeding.
They suggested that Stromatoveris was an evolutionary 'aunt' of ctenophores.
They suggested that ctenophores originated from sessile animals.
The descendants of sessile animals became swimmers.
The cilia of the descendants changed from a feeding mechanism to a propulsion system.
The relationship of ctenophores to the rest of Metazoa is very important.
The relationship of ctenophores to the rest of Metazoa is important to our understanding of the early evolution of animals.
The relationship of ctenophores to the rest of Metazoa is important to our understanding of the origin of multicellularity.
The subject has been the focus of debate for many years.
Ctenophores have been purported to be the sister lineage to the Bilateria.
Ctenophores are sister to the Cnidaria.
Ctenophores are sister to Cnidaria, Placozoa, and Bilateria.
Ctenophores are sister to all other animal phyla.
A series of studies looked at the presence of members of gene families.
A series of studies looked at the absence of members of gene families.
A series of studies looked at the presence of signalling pathways.
A series of studies looked at the absence of signalling pathways.
Homeoboxes showed evidence congruent with the latter two scenarios.
Nuclear receptors showed evidence congruent with the latter two scenarios.
The Wnt signaling pathway showed evidence congruent with the latter two scenarios.
Sodium channels showed evidence congruent with the latter two scenarios.
Ctenophores are either sister to Cnidaria, Placozoa, and Bilateria.
Ctenophores are sister to all other animal phyla.
Several more recent studies have compared complete sequenced genomes of ctenophores with other sequenced animal genomes.
The studies have supported ctenophores as the sister lineage to all other animals.
This position would suggest that neural cell types were lost in major animal lineages.
This position would suggest that muscle cell types were lost in major animal lineages.
Porifera is a phylum of simple aquatic animals.
Porifera may have evolved independently in the ctenophore lineage.
Ctenophore is a lineage of marine invertebrates.
Other researchers have argued that the placement of Ctenophora as sister to all other animals is a statistical anomaly.
The statistical anomaly is caused by the high rate of evolution in ctenophore genomes.
Porifera is a group that includes sponges.
Porifera is the earliest-diverging animal phylum instead.
Ctenophores are one of the only known animal phyla that lack any true hox genes.
Sponges are one of the only known animal phyla that lack any true hox genes.
All modern ctenophores except the beroids have cydippid-like larvae.
It has widely been assumed that the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores resembled cydippids.
The last common ancestor of modern ctenophores had an egg-shaped body.
The last common ancestor of modern ctenophores had a pair of retractable tentacles.
Richard Harbison conducted a purely morphological analysis in 1985.
Richard Harbison's analysis concluded that the cydippids are not monophyletic.
The term 'not monophyletic' means that the cydippids do not contain all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor.
The single common ancestor that Richard Harbison refers to was itself a cydippid.
Instead, the researcher found that various cydippid families were more similar to members of other ctenophore orders.
Various cydippid families were not more similar to other cydippids.
He suggested a hypothesis about the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores.
The last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was either cydippid-like.
The last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was either beroid-like.
A molecular phylogeny analysis was conducted in 2001.
The molecular phylogeny analysis used 26 species.
The molecular phylogeny analysis included 4 recently discovered species.
The molecular phylogeny analysis confirmed that the cydippids are not monophyletic.
The molecular phylogeny analysis concluded that the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was cydippid-like.
The genetic differences between these species were very small.
The genetic differences were so small that the relationships between the Lobata, Cestida, and Thalassocalycida remained uncertain.
The last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was relatively recent.
The last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was perhaps lucky enough to survive the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event.
The Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event occurred 65 million years ago.
5 million years ago, other lineages perished.
The analysis was broadened to include representatives of other phyla.
The analysis concluded that cnidarians are probably more closely related to bilaterians than either group is to ctenophores.
The diagnosis regarding the relationship between cnidarians, bilaterians, and ctenophores is uncertain.
Fresno is a city.
Fresno is the county seat of Fresno County.
Fresno is located in the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The state of California is a political entity.
California is located on the west coast of the United States.
California is known for its diverse geography and climate.
California has a large population.
California is the most populous state in the United States.
As of 2015, the population of the city was 520,159.
The city is the fifth-largest city in California.
The city is the largest inland city in California.
The city is the 34th-largest city in the nation.
Fresno is in the center of the San Joaquin Valley.
Fresno is the largest city in the Central Valley.
The Central Valley contains the San Joaquin Valley.
The location is approximately 220 miles northwest of Los Angeles.
The distance from the location to Los Angeles is approximately 220 miles.
The location is approximately 170 miles south of the state capital, Sacramento.
The distance from the location to the state capital, Sacramento, is approximately 170 miles.
The location is approximately 185 miles south of San Francisco.
The distance from the location to San Francisco is approximately 185 miles.
The name Fresno means 'ash tree' in Spanish.
An ash leaf is featured on the city's flag.
In 1872, the Central Pacific Railroad established a station near Easterby's.
Easterby's was a hugely productive wheat farm at that time.
The station was established for the new Southern Pacific line.
Soon there was a store around the station.
The store grew the town of Fresno Station.
Fresno Station was later called Fresno.
Many Millerton residents were drawn by the convenience of the railroad.
Many Millerton residents were worried about flooding.
Many Millerton residents moved to the new community.
Fresno became an incorporated city in 1885.
By 1931, the Fresno Traction Company operated 47 streetcars.
The Fresno Traction Company operated the streetcars over 49 miles of track.
Before World War II, Fresno had many ethnic neighborhoods.
One of the ethnic neighborhoods in Fresno was Little Armenia.
One of the ethnic neighborhoods in Fresno was German Town.
One of the ethnic neighborhoods in Fresno was Little Italy.
One of the ethnic neighborhoods in Fresno was Chinatown.
In 1940, the Census Bureau reported Fresno's population.
Fresno's population was 94.
The percentage of white is 0%.
The number is 3.
3% is a percentage.
2 is a number.
7% of the population is Asian.
Chinatown was primarily a Japanese neighborhood.
Japanese-American businesses still remain in Chinatown.
During 1942, Pinedale was the site of the Pinedale Assembly Center.
Pinedale is located in what is now North Fresno.
The Pinedale Assembly Center was an interim facility.
The purpose of the Pinedale Assembly Center was the relocation of Fresno area Japanese Americans to internment camps.
The Fresno Fairgrounds was utilized as an assembly center.
In September 1958, Bank of America launched a new product.
The new product was called BankAmericard.
BankAmericard was launched in Fresno.
BankAmericard had a troubled gestation.
The creator of BankAmericard resigned during its troubled gestation.
BankAmericard went on to become the first successful credit card.
A successful credit card is a financial instrument that is usable across a large number of merchants.
A successful credit card also allows cardholders to revolve a balance.
Earlier financial products could do one or the other but not both.
In 1976, BankAmericard was renamed.
BankAmericard was spun off into a separate company.
The separate company is known today as Visa Inc.
In the 1970s, the city was the subject of a song.
The song is titled 'Walking Into Fresno'.
The song was written by Bill Aken.
Bill Aken is a Hall Of Fame guitarist.
The song was recorded by Bob Gallion.
Bob Gallion is associated with the world-famous 'WWVA Jamboree' radio and television show.
The 'WWVA Jamboree' radio and television show is located in Wheeling, West Virginia.
Aken was adopted by Mexican movie actress Lupe Mayorga.
Aken grew up in the neighboring town of Madera.
Aken's song chronicled the hardships faced by migrant farm workers.
Aken saw the migrant farm workers as a child.
Aken made his first TV appearance.
Aken played guitar on the old country-western show.
The old country-western show was at The Fresno Barn.
Fresno has three large public parks.
Two of the large public parks are located within the city limits of Fresno.
One of the large public parks is located in county land to the southwest of Fresno.
Woodward Park is located in North Fresno.
Woodward Park features the Shinzen Japanese Gardens.
Woodward Park has numerous picnic areas.
Woodward Park has several miles of trails.
Woodward Park is adjacent to the San Joaquin River Parkway.
Roeding Park is located near Downtown Fresno.
Roeding Park is home to the Fresno Chaffee Zoo.
Roeding Park is home to Rotary Storyland and Playland.
Kearney Park is the largest park in the Fresno region's park system.
Kearney Park is home to historic Kearney Mansion.
Kearney Park plays host to the annual Civil War Revisited.
The annual Civil War Revisited is the largest reenactment of the Civil War on the west coast of the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Between the 1880s and World War II, Downtown Fresno flourished.
Downtown Fresno was filled with electric street cars.
Downtown Fresno contained some of the San Joaquin Valley's most beautiful architectural buildings.
The original Fresno County Courthouse was demolished.
The Fresno Carnegie Public Library was demolished.
The Fresno Water Tower still exists.
The Bank of Italy Building still exists.
The Pacific Southwest Building still exists.
The San Joaquin Light & Power Building is currently known as the Grand 1401.
The Hughes Hotel burned down.
Fulton Street is located in Downtown Fresno.
Fulton Street was Fresno's main financial and commercial district.
Fulton Street was converted into one of the nation's first pedestrian malls in 1964.
The area was renamed the Fulton Mall.
The area contains the densest collection of historic buildings in Fresno.
The Fulton Mall corridor has suffered a sharp decline from its heyday.
The Fulton Mall includes some of the finest public art pieces in the country.
The Fulton Mall includes the only Pierre-Auguste Renoir piece in the world that one can walk up to and touch.
Current plans call for the reopening of the Fulton Mall to automobile traffic.
The public art pieces will be restored.
The public art pieces will be placed near their current locations.
The public art pieces will feature wide sidewalks.
The wide sidewalks will be up to 28' on the east side of the street.
The wide sidewalks will continue with the pedestrian friendly environment of the district.
The neighborhood of Sunnyside is located on Fresno's far southeast side.
The neighborhood of Sunnyside is bounded by Chestnut Avenue to the West.
The major thoroughfares are Kings Canyon Avenue and Clovis Avenue.
Kings Canyon Avenue is a major thoroughfare.
Clovis Avenue is a major thoroughfare.
Parts of Sunnyside are within the City of Fresno.
Much of the neighborhood of Sunnyside is a 'county island' within Fresno County.
The concept was largely developed in the 1950s.
The concept was largely developed through the 1970s.
The concept has recently experienced a surge in new home construction.
Sunnyside Country Club is located in the area.
Sunnyside Country Club maintains a golf course.
The golf course was designed by William P.
Bell is a noun that refers to a hollow instrument that produces a ringing sound when struck.
The popular neighborhood is known as the Tower District.
The Tower District is centered around the historic Tower Theatre.
The Tower Theatre is included on the National List of Historic Places.
The theater was built in 1939.
The theater is located at Olive and Wishon Avenues.
The theater is in the heart of the Tower District.
The name of the theater refers to a well-known landmark water tower.
The well-known landmark water tower is actually in another nearby area.
The Tower District neighborhood is located just north of downtown Fresno proper.
The Tower District neighborhood is located one-half mile south of Fresno City College.
The neighborhood was known as a residential area prior.
The early commercial establishments of the Tower District began with small shops and services.
Small shops and services flocked to the Tower District shortly after World War II.
The character of small local businesses largely remains today.
The businesses of the Tower District were developed to some extent due to the proximity of the original Fresno Normal School.
The original Fresno Normal School was later renamed California State University at Fresno.
In 1916, the college moved to a new location.
The new location is what is now the site of Fresno City College.
The new location is one-half mile north of the Tower District.
This area of retail businesses and residences is vibrant.
This area of retail businesses and residences is culturally diverse.
This area of retail businesses and residences experienced a renewal after a significant decline.
The significant decline occurred in the late 1960s and 1970s.
The neighborhood revival followed the re-opening of the Tower Theatre in the late 1970s.
The Tower Theatre showed second and third run movies in the late 1970s.
The Tower Theatre also showed classic films in the late 1970s.
The neighborhood experienced decades of neglect and suburban flight before the revival.
Roger Rocka's Dinner Theater opened in 1978.
Good Company Players also opened in 1978.
Roger Rocka's Dinner Theater is located at Olive and Wishon Avenues.
Good Company Players is located nearby Roger Rocka's Dinner Theater.
Audra McDonald is a native of Fresno.
Audra McDonald performed in the leading roles of Evita at the theater.
Audra McDonald performed in the leading roles of The Wiz at the theater.
Audra McDonald was a high school student while performing in the leading roles.
McDonald subsequently became a leading performer on Broadway in New York City.
McDonald is a Tony award winning actress.
Good Company Players' 2nd Space Theatre is located in the Tower District.
The neighborhood features restaurants.
The neighborhood features live theater.
The neighborhood features nightclubs.
The neighborhood features several independent shops.
The neighborhood features bookstores.
The independent shops and bookstores are currently operating on Olive Avenue.
The independent shops and bookstores are currently operating near Olive Avenue.
The independent shops and bookstores are all within a few hundred feet of each other.
Since renewal, the Tower District has become an attractive area for restaurants.
Since renewal, the Tower District has become an attractive area for other local businesses.
Today, the Tower District is known as the center of Fresno's LGBT community.
Today, the Tower District is known as the center of Fresno's hipster community.
Tower District is known as the center of Fresno's local punk community.
Tower District is known as the center of Fresno's local goth community.
Tower District is known as the center of Fresno's local deathrock community.
Tower District is known as the center of Fresno's local heavy metal community.
The area is known for its early twentieth century homes.
Many of the early twentieth century homes have been restored in recent decades.
The area includes many California Bungalow style homes.
The area includes many American Craftsman style homes.
The area includes Spanish Colonial Revival Style architecture.
The area includes Mediterranean Revival Style architecture.
The area includes Mission Revival Style architecture.
The area includes many Storybook houses.
Many Storybook houses were designed by Fresno architects Hilliard, Taylor & Wheeler.
The residential architecture of the Tower District contrasts with the newer areas of tract homes urban sprawl in north areas of Fresno.
The residential architecture of the Tower District contrasts with the newer areas of tract homes urban sprawl in east areas of Fresno.
Homes from the early 20th century line this boulevard.
This boulevard is located in the heart of the historic Alta Vista Tract.
The section of Huntington Boulevard is located between First Street on the west and Cedar Avenue on the east.
The section of Huntington Boulevard is the home to many large, stately homes.
The original development of this area began circa 1910.
The area was developed on 190 acres.
The 190 acres had been an alfalfa field.
The Alta Vista Tract was the name given to the land.
William Stranahan mapped the Alta Vista Tract.
William Stranahan mapped the Alta Vista Tract for the Pacific Improvement Corporation.
The Alta Vista Tract was officially platted in 1911.
The tract's southern boundary was Balch Avenue.
The tract's eastern boundary was Cedar Avenue.
The tract's northern boundary was the rear property line of Platt Avenue east of Sixth Street.
The tract's northern boundary also included Platt Avenue west of Sixth Street.
The tract's western boundary was First Street.
The subdivision was annexed to the City in January 1912.
The election in January 1912 was the first in which women voted in the community.
At the time of its admission to the City, the Alta Vista Tract was uninhabited.
At the time of its admission to the City, the Alta Vista Tract was landscaped.
The trees in the Alta Vista Tract had to be watered by tank wagon.
In 1914, developers Billings & Meyering acquired the tract.
Billings & Meyering completed street development.
Billings & Meyering provided the last of the necessary municipal improvements.
The necessary municipal improvements included water service.
Billings & Meyering began marketing the property with fervor.
A mere half decade later, the tract had 267 homes.
The rapid development was hastened by the Fresno Traction Company right-of-way along Huntington Boulevard.
The Fresno Traction Company provided streetcar connections between downtown and the County Hospital.
The West Side of Fresno is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city.
The West Side of Fresno is also often called Southwest Fresno.
The neighborhood lies southwest of the 99 freeway.
The 99 freeway divides the neighborhood from Downtown Fresno.
The neighborhood lies west of the 41 freeway.
The neighborhood lies south of Nielsen Ave.
Nielsen Ave is also known as the newly constructed 180 Freeway.
The neighborhood extends to the city limits to the west.
The neighborhood extends to the city limits to the south.
The neighborhood is traditionally considered to be the center of Fresno's African-American community.
The area is culturally diverse.
The area includes significant Mexican-American populations.
The area includes significant Asian-American populations.
The principal Asian-American population in the area is Hmong or Laotian.
The neighborhood includes Kearney Boulevard.
Kearney Boulevard is named after an early 20th century entrepreneur.
Kearney Boulevard is named after a millionaire.
Theo Kearney extends from Fresno Street in Southwest Fresno.
Theo Kearney extends about 20 miles west to Kerman, California.
Kerman is located in California.
The distance from Fresno Street in Southwest Fresno to Kerman is approximately 32 kilometers.
Kearney Boulevard is a small, two-lane rural road for most of its length.
Kearney Boulevard is lined with tall palm trees.
The roughly half-mile stretch of Kearney Boulevard is located between Fresno Street and Thorne Ave.
The roughly half-mile stretch of Kearney Boulevard was at one time the preferred neighborhood for Fresno's elite African-American families.
Another section is Brookhaven.
Brookhaven is located on the southern edge of the West Side.
Brookhaven is located south of Jensen.
Brookhaven is located west of Elm.
The Fresno City Council gave the name Brookhaven.
The Fresno City Council's effort was to revitalize the neighborhood's image.
The isolated subdivision was known as the 'Dogg Pound' for years.
The name 'Dogg Pound' is in reference to a local gang.
As of late 2008, the isolated subdivision was still known for high levels of violent crime.
Many homes in the neighborhood date back to the 1930s or before.
The neighborhood is home to several public housing developments.
The public housing developments were built between the 1960s and 1990s.
The Fresno Housing Authority built the public housing developments.
The US Department of Housing and Urban Development has built small subdivisions of single-family homes in the area.
The small subdivisions of single-family homes are for purchase by low-income working families.
There have been numerous attempts to revitalize the neighborhood.
The attempts to revitalize the neighborhood include the construction of a modern shopping center.
The modern shopping center is located on the corner of Fresno and B streets.
There was an aborted attempt to build luxury homes on the western edge of the neighborhood.
There was an aborted attempt to build a golf course on the western edge of the neighborhood.
Some new section 8 apartments have been built along Church Ave.
The section 8 apartments are located west of Elm St.
Cargill Meat Solutions has a large processing facility in the neighborhood.
Foster Farms has a large processing facility in the neighborhood.
The stench from Cargill Meat Solutions and Foster Farms has long plagued area residents.
The stench from other small industrial facilities has long plagued area residents.
The Fresno Chandler Executive Airport is located on the West Side.
The Fresno Chandler Executive Airport is an airport.
The neighborhood is located on the edge of the city.
The neighborhood has experienced years of neglect by developers.
The neighborhood is not a true 'inner-city' neighborhood.
There are many vacant lots throughout the neighborhood.
There are strawberry fields throughout the neighborhood.
There are vineyards throughout the neighborhood.
The neighborhood has very little retail activity.
There is an area near Fresno Street and State Route 99 Freeway.
The Kearney Palm Shopping Center is located near Fresno Street and State Route 99 Freeway.
The Kearney Palm Shopping Center was built in the late 1990s.
There are small corner markets scattered throughout the neighborhood.
Woodward Park is located in the north eastern part of Fresno.
Woodward Park was founded by Ralph Woodward.
Ralph Woodward was a long-time resident of Fresno.
He bequeathed a major portion of his estate in 1968.
The purpose of the bequest was to provide a regional park in Northeast Fresno.
The purpose of the bequest was to provide a bird sanctuary in Northeast Fresno.
The park lies on the South bank of the San Joaquin River.
The park is located between Highway 41 and Friant Road.
The initial area is 235 acres.
The area of 235 acres is equivalent to 0.
The area of the park is 95 km2.
The City acquired additional acres later.
The combined area of the park is a sizable 300 acres.
Woodward Park is packed with amenities.
Woodward Park is the only Regional Park of its size in the Central Valley.
The Southeast corner of the park harbors numerous bird species.
Numerous bird species offer bird enthusiasts an excellent opportunity for viewing.
The park has a multi-use amphitheatre.
The multi-use amphitheatre seats up to 2,500 people.
The park has an authentic Japanese Garden.
The park has a fenced dog park.
The park has a two-mile equestrian trail.
The two-mile equestrian trail is equivalent to 3 km.
The park has an exercise par course.
The park has three children's playgrounds.
The park has a lake.
The park has 3 small ponds.
The park has 7 picnic areas.
The park has five miles of multipurpose trails.
The five miles of multipurpose trails are part of the San Joaquin River Parkway's Lewis S.
Eaton Trail is a specific trail.
When complete, the Lewis S is a reference to a specific entity or concept.
The Eaton trail system will cover 22 miles.
22 miles is equivalent to 35 kilometers.
The Eaton trail system will extend between Highway 99 and Friant Dam.
The park has numerous picnic tables.
The numerous picnic tables make for a great picnic destination.
The numerous picnic tables provide a convenient escape from city life.
The park's amphitheatre was renovated in 2010.
The park's amphitheatre has hosted performances by Deftones.
The park's amphitheatre has hosted performances by Tech N9ne.
The park's amphitheatre has hosted performances by Sevendust.
The park's amphitheatre has hosted numerous other performances.
The park is open from April through October.
The park is open from 6am to 10pm during April through October.
The park is open from November through March.
The park is open from 6am to 7pm during November through March.
Woodward Park is home to the annual CIF State Championship cross country meet.
The CIF stands for California Interscholastic Federation.
The CIF State Championship cross country meet takes place in late November.
The Woodward Shakespeare Festival is located in the park.
The Woodward Shakespeare Festival began performances in the park in 2005.
Sierra Sky Park Airport was formed in 1946.
Sierra Sky Park Airport is a residential airport community.
Sierra Sky Park Airport was born of a unique agreement in transportation law.
The unique agreement in transportation law allows personal aircraft and automobiles to share certain roads.
Sierra Sky Park was the first aviation community to be built.
There are now numerous aviation communities across the United States.
There are now numerous aviation communities around the world.
William Smilie was a developer.
William Smilie created the nation's first planned aviation community.
The public use airport is still in operation today.
The public use airport provides a unique neighborhood.
The unique neighborhood spawned interest nationwide.
The unique neighborhood spawned similar communities nationwide.
Fresno is marked by a semi-arid climate.
The semi-arid climate of Fresno is classified as Köppen BSh.
Fresno has mild, moist winters.
Fresno has hot and dry summers.
The climate of Fresno displays Mediterranean characteristics.
December is one of the coldest months.
January is one of the coldest months.
The average temperature in December and January is around 46 degrees.
5 °F is a temperature measurement.
5 °F is equivalent to 8 °F.
The temperature is 1 °C.
There are 14 nights with freezing lows annually.
The coldest night of the year typically bottoms out below 30 °F.
30 °F is equivalent to −1 °C.
July is the warmest month.
July averages 83 degrees.
The temperature is 3 degrees Celsius.
Normally, there are 32 days of 100 degrees Fahrenheit.
The temperature is 8 °C.
The temperature is high.
There are 106 days with a temperature of 90 °F.
90 °F is equivalent to 32 °C.
In July, there are only three or four days where the high does not reach 90 °F.
In August, there are only three or four days where the high does not reach 90 °F.
The temperature of 90 °F is equivalent to 32 °C.
Summers provide considerable sunshine.
July peaks at 97 percent of the total possible sunlight hours.
January is the month with the lowest percentage of sunlight.
January has only 46 percent of the daylight time in sunlight.
The low percentage of sunlight in January is due to thick tule fog.
The year averages 81% of possible sunshine.
The total amount of sunshine for the year is 3550 hours.
The average annual precipitation is around 11.
5 inches is a measurement of length.
5 inches is equivalent to 292 millimeters.
1 mm is a measurement.
1 mm, by definition, classifies the area as a semidesert.
Most of the wind rose direction occurrences derive from the northwest.
Winds are driven downward along the axis of the California Central Valley.
In December, there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics.
In January, there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics.
In February, there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics.
Fresno meteorology was selected in a national context.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
The Environmental Protection Agency conducted a study.
The study was for the analysis of equilibrium temperature.
The analysis used ten-year meteorological data.
The ten-year meteorological data represented a warm, dry western United States locale.
The official record high temperature for Fresno is 115 °F.
The temperature of 115 °F is equivalent to 46 °C.
The record high temperature is 1 °C.
The record high temperature was set on July 8, 1905.
The official record low temperature is 17 °F.
The official record low temperature is −8 °C.
The official record low temperature was set on January 6, 1913.
The average temperature is 100 °F.
The average temperature is equivalent to 37 °C.
8 degrees Celsius is a temperature.
90 degrees Fahrenheit is a temperature.
32 degrees Fahrenheit is a temperature.
The freezing temperature range is from June 1 to September 13.
The freezing temperature range is from April 26 to October 9.
The freezing temperature range is from December 10 to January 28.
No freeze occurred during the 1983/1984 season.
Annual rainfall has ranged from 23.
57 inches is a measurement of length.
57 inches is equivalent to 598 units in another measurement system.
The measurement is 7 mm.
The measurement is taken in the rain year.
The rain year spans from July 1982 to June 1983.
The measurement is down to 4.
43 inches is a measurement of length.
43 inches is equivalent to 112 centimeters.
The measurement is 5 mm.
The time period is from July 1933 to June 1934.
The most rainfall in one month was 9.
54 inches is a measurement of length.
54 inches is equivalent to 242 centimeters.
The amount of rainfall recorded in November 1885 was 3 mm.
The most rainfall recorded in a 24-hour period was 3 mm.
55 inches is a measurement of length.
55 inches is equivalent to 90 centimeters.
The measurement is 2 mm.
The date is November 18, 1885.
Measurable precipitation falls on an average of 48 days annually.
Snow is a rarity.
The heaviest snowfall at the airport was 2.
2 inches is a measurement of length.
0 is a numerical value.
The date is January 21, 1962.
The time is 06 m.
The 2010 United States Census reported a population for Fresno.
Fresno had a population of 494,665.
The population density was 4,404.
The population density is 5 people per square mile.
The total area mentioned is 1,700 square miles.
The racial makeup of Fresno was 245,306.
6% is a percentage.
40,960 is a numerical value.
8 is a numerical value.
3% represents a percentage of a total population.
African American refers to a racial or ethnic group.
8,525 is a numerical value.
1 is a numerical value.
7% refers to a percentage.
Native American refers to a group of indigenous peoples in the United States.
62,528 is a numerical value.
12 refers to a numerical value.
6% is a percentage.
Asian is a demographic category.
The number 3 is a numerical value.
6% refers to a percentage.
Hmong refers to an ethnic group.
7% is a percentage representation of a quantity.
The quantity is associated with Indian.
The percentage of Filipino is 2%.
The number is 1.
2% Laotian is a percentage representation.
Laotian refers to the people or culture of Laos.
The percentage of Cambodian is 8%.
The value is 0.
7% is a percentage.
Chinese refers to a nationality or ethnicity.
0 is a numerical value.
5% is a percentage.
Japanese refers to a nationality or ethnicity.
0 is a numerical value.
4% is a percentage that represents a portion of a whole.
Vietnamese refers to something related to Vietnam, its people, or its culture.
0 is a numerical value that represents the absence of quantity.
2% refers to a percentage.
Pacific Islander is a demographic category.
111,984 is a numerical value.
22 is a numerical value.
6% is a percentage from other races.
24,513 is a numerical value representing a quantity.
5 is a percentage.
0% represents a numerical value.
The term 'from two or more races' indicates a classification based on racial identity.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 232,055 persons.
The number 232,055 represents the total count of Hispanic or Latino persons.
Among the Hispanic population, there is a statistic of 42.
7% of the total population are Mexican.
4% is a percentage that represents a portion of a whole.
Salvadoran refers to something or someone from El Salvador.
0 is a numerical value that represents nothing or a null quantity.
4% refers to a percentage.
Puerto Rican refers to a person or thing from Puerto Rico.
Non-Hispanic Whites were 30.
0% of the population was recorded in 2010.
The population percentage decreased from 72%.
The percentage in 1970 was 6%.
There were 158,349 households.
68,511 households represented 43% of the total households.
3% of households had children under the age of 18 living in them.
69,284 households had children under the age of 18 living in them.
43% is a percentage related to the total number of households.
8% of the individuals were opposite-sex married couples living together.
30,547 individuals were opposite-sex married couples living together.
3% of households had a female householder with no husband present.
11,698 is the number of households with a female householder and no husband present.
4% of households had a male householder.
The male householder had no wife present.
There were 12,843.
1% refers to unmarried opposite-sex partnerships.
1,388 is a numerical value.
9% of couples are same-sex married couples or partnerships.
There are 35,064 households.
1% were made up of individuals.
12,344 were a separate group.
8% of the population had someone living alone.
The individual living alone was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 3.
There were 111,529 families.
4% of all households is a statistical figure.
The average family size was 3.
62 is a number.
As of the census of 2000, there were 427,652 people residing in the city.
As of the census of 2000, there were 140,079 households in the city.
As of the census of 2000, there were 97,915 families residing in the city.
The population density was 4,097.
There are 9 people per square mile.
The total area is 1,582 square miles.
There were 149,025 housing units.
The average density of housing units was 1,427.
9 square miles is a measurement of area.
9 square miles is equivalent to 3,698 square kilometers.
The racial makeup of the city was 50.
2% is a percentage.
White is a color.
8 is a number.
4% of the population identifies as Black or African American.
The number 1 is mentioned.
The individual is 6% Native American.
The number 11 is mentioned.
2% of the population is Asian.
About a third of the Asian population is Hmong.
0% of the population is not specified.
1% of the population identifies as Pacific Islander.
The number 23 is associated with the percentage of Pacific Islander individuals.
4% is from other races.
5 is a separate numerical value.
2% represents a percentage.
The percentage refers to individuals from two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino individuals belong to any race.
The number of Hispanic or Latino individuals is 39.
9% is a percentage.
9% of the population refers to a specific portion of the total population.
The Federal Communications Commission decided that Fresno would only have UHF television stations.
The decision was made to avoid interference with existing VHF television stations in the San Francisco Bay Area.
The decision was made to avoid interference with planned VHF television stations for Chico.
The decision was made to avoid interference with planned VHF television stations for Sacramento.
The decision was made to avoid interference with planned VHF television stations for Salinas.
The decision was made to avoid interference with planned VHF television stations for Stockton.
The very first Fresno television station to begin broadcasting was KMJ-TV.
KMJ-TV debuted on June 1, 1953.
KMJ is now known as NBC affiliate KSEE.
KSEE is an NBC affiliate.
Other Fresno stations include ABC O&O KFSN.
ABC O&O KFSN is a station in Fresno.
Other Fresno stations include CBS affiliate KGPE.
CBS affiliate KGPE is a station in Fresno.
Other Fresno stations include CW affiliate KFRE.
CW affiliate KFRE is a station in Fresno.
Other Fresno stations include FOX affiliate KMPH.
FOX affiliate KMPH is a station in Fresno.
Other Fresno stations include MNTV affiliate KAIL.
MNTV affiliate KAIL is a station in Fresno.
Other Fresno stations include PBS affiliate KVPT.
PBS affiliate KVPT is a station in Fresno.
Other Fresno stations include Telemundo O&O KNSO.
Telemundo O&O KNSO is a station in Fresno.
Other Fresno stations include Univision O&O KFTV.
Univision O&O KFTV is a station in Fresno.
Other Fresno stations include MundoFox and Azteca affiliate KGMC-DT.
MundoFox and Azteca affiliate KGMC-DT is a station in Fresno.
Fresno is served by State Route 99.
State Route 99 is the main north/south freeway.
State Route 99 connects the major population centers of the California Central Valley.
State Route 168 is also known as the Sierra Freeway.
State Route 168 heads east to the city of Clovis.
State Route 168 heads east to Huntington Lake.
State Route 41 is also known as the Yosemite Freeway.
State Route 41 is also known as the Eisenhower Freeway.
State Route 41 comes into Fresno from Atascadero in the south.
State Route 41 then heads north to Yosemite.
State Route 180 is also known as Kings Canyon Freeway.
State Route 180 comes from the west via Mendota.
State Route 180 comes from the east in Kings Canyon National Park.
State Route 180 is going towards the city of Reedley.
Fresno is a city.
Fresno is the largest city in the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
A city is not directly linked to an Interstate highway.
The Interstate Highway System was created in the 1950s.
A decision was made to build what is now Interstate 5 on the west side of the Central Valley.
The decision was made to bypass many of the population centers in the region.
The decision was made instead of upgrading what is now State Route 99.
The population is rapidly raising in cities along SR 99.
Traffic is increasing in cities along SR 99.
There is a desirability for Federal funding.
Much discussion has been made to upgrade SR 99 to interstate standards.
There is a plan to eventually incorporate SR 99 into the interstate system.
SR 99 is most likely to be incorporated into the interstate system as Interstate 9.
Major improvements to signage are currently underway.
Major improvements to lane width are currently underway.
Major improvements to median separation are currently underway.
Major improvements to vertical clearance are currently underway.
Major improvements to other concerns are currently underway.
Passenger rail service is provided by Amtrak San Joaquins.
The main passenger rail station is the Santa Fe Railroad Depot.
The Santa Fe Railroad Depot is a historic building.
The Santa Fe Railroad Depot is located in Downtown Fresno.
The Santa Fe Railroad Depot was recently renovated.
The Bakersfield-Stockton mainlines of the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway cross in Fresno.
The Bakersfield-Stockton mainlines of the Union Pacific Railroad cross in Fresno.
Both the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway and the Union Pacific Railroad maintain railyards within the city of Fresno.
The San Joaquin Valley Railroad operates former Southern Pacific branchlines heading west out of the city of Fresno.
The San Joaquin Valley Railroad operates former Southern Pacific branchlines heading south out of the city of Fresno.
The city of Fresno is planned to serve the future California High Speed Rail.
Starting in the late 1950s, Paul Baran developed the concept of Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching.
Paul Baran was an American computer scientist.
The goal of developing Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching was to provide a fault-tolerant, efficient routing method for telecommunication messages.
The development of Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching was part of a research program at the RAND Corporation.
The research program at the RAND Corporation was funded by the US Department of Defense.
This concept contrasted the established principles of pre-allocation of network bandwidth.
This concept contradicted the established principles of pre-allocation of network bandwidth.
The established principles of pre-allocation of network bandwidth were largely fortified by the development of telecommunications in the Bell System.
The new concept found little resonance among network implementers.
Donald Davies conducted independent work at the National Physical Laboratory in the United Kingdom.
The National Physical Laboratory is abbreviated as NPL.
Donald Davies' independent work occurred in the late 1960s.
Davies is credited with coining the modern name packet switching.
Davies inspired numerous packet switching networks in Europe in the decade following.
The concept of packet switching was incorporated in the early ARPANET in the United States.
Packet switching contrasts with circuit switching.
Circuit switching is another principal networking paradigm.
Circuit switching is a method that pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth for each communication session.
Each communication session in circuit switching has a constant bit rate.
Each communication session in circuit switching has latency between nodes.
In cases of billable services, cellular communication services are included.
Circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time.
Circuit switching incurs a fee even when no data is transferred.
Packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted.
The unit of information transmitted in packet switching may include characters.
The unit of information transmitted in packet switching may include packets.
The unit of information transmitted in packet switching may include messages.
Packet mode communication may be implemented with intermediate forwarding nodes.
Packet mode communication may be implemented without intermediate forwarding nodes.
Intermediate forwarding nodes include packet switches or routers.
Packets are normally forwarded by intermediate network nodes asynchronously.
Intermediate network nodes use first-in, first-out buffering to forward packets.
Packets may be forwarded according to some scheduling discipline.
Scheduling disciplines may be used for fair queuing.
Scheduling disciplines may be used for traffic shaping.
Scheduling disciplines may be used for differentiated quality of service.
Scheduling disciplines may be used for guaranteed quality of service.
Weighted fair queuing is an example of a scheduling discipline.
Leaky bucket is an example of a scheduling discipline.
In case of a shared physical medium, packets may be delivered according to a multiple access scheme.
A shared physical medium can include radio.
A shared physical medium can include 10BASE5.
Baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the RAND Corporation.
The RAND Corporation conducted research for the US Air Force into survivable communications networks.
The concept of distributed adaptive message block switching was first presented to the US Air Force in the summer of 1961.
The presentation to the US Air Force was labeled as briefing B-265.
The concept of distributed adaptive message block switching was later published as RAND report P-2626 in 1962.
The concept of distributed adaptive message block switching was finally published in report RM 3420 in 1964.
Report P-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale communications network.
The communications network is distributed.
The communications network is survivable.
The work focuses on three key ideas.
One key idea is the use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points.
Another key idea is dividing user messages into message blocks.
Message blocks are later called packets.
The third key idea is the delivery of these messages by store and forward switching.
Starting in 1965, Donald Davies independently developed a message routing methodology.
Donald Davies was at the National Physical Laboratory in the UK.
The message routing methodology developed by Donald Davies was the same as the methodology developed by Paul Baran.
He called packet switching a more accessible name than Baran's.
He proposed to build a nationwide network in the UK.
He gave a talk on the proposal in 1966.
A person from the Ministry of Defence told him about Baran's work.
The Ministry of Defence is abbreviated as MoD.
The talk was given after 1966.
A member of Davies' team is Roger Scantlebury.
Roger Scantlebury met Lawrence Roberts at the 1967 ACM Symposium on Operating System Principles.
Roger Scantlebury suggested the use of the ARPANET.
In connectionless mode, each packet includes complete addressing information.
The packets are routed individually.
Routing packets individually sometimes results in different paths.
Routing packets individually sometimes results in out-of-order delivery.
Each packet is labeled with a destination address.
Each packet is labeled with a source address.
Each packet is labeled with port numbers.
The packet may be labeled with a sequence number.
The sequence number is associated with the packet.
The need for a dedicated path to help the packet find its way to its destination is precluded.
More information is needed in the packet header.
The packet header is therefore larger.
The additional information in the packet header needs to be looked up in power-hungry content-addressable memory.
Each packet is dispatched.
Each packet may go via different routes.
The system potentially has to do as much work for every packet as the connection-oriented system has to do in connection set-up.
The system has less information as to the application's requirements.
At the destination, the original message/data is reassembled.
The original message/data is reassembled in the correct order.
The correct order is based on the packet sequence number.
A virtual connection is also known as a virtual circuit.
A virtual connection is also known as a byte stream.
A transport layer protocol provides a virtual connection to the end-user.
Intermediate network nodes only provide a connectionless network layer service.
Connection-oriented transmission requires a setup phase in each involved node.
The setup phase is necessary before any packet is transferred.
The setup phase is used to establish the parameters of communication.
The packets include a connection identifier.
The packets do not include address information.
The connection identifier is negotiated between endpoints.
The packets are delivered in order.
The packets include error checking.
Address information is only transferred to each node during the connection set-up phase.
The connection set-up phase is when the route to the destination is discovered.
An entry is added to the switching table in each network node.
Each network node is a node through which the connection passes.
The signaling protocols used allow the application to specify its requirements.
The signaling protocols used allow the application to discover link parameters.
Acceptable values for service parameters may be negotiated.
Routing a packet requires the node to look up the connection id.
The connection id is located in a table.
The packet header can be small.
The packet header only needs to contain a code.
The packet header needs to contain information.
The information can include length.
The information can include timestamp.
The information can include sequence number.
The sequence number is different for different packets.
Both X is a compound subject.
25 provides connection-oriented operations.
Frame Relay provides connection-oriented operations.
X is a subject or entity.
25 does something at the network layer of the OSI Model.
The network layer is one of the layers in the OSI Model.
Frame Relay operates at level two.
Level two is known as the data link layer.
There is a major difference between X.
25 is a number.
Frame Relay is a type of telecommunications technology.
X is a variable or placeholder.
25 requires a handshake between the communicating parties.
The handshake occurs before any user packets are transmitted.
Frame Relay does not define any handshakes.
25 does not define any operations inside the packet network.
The system only operates at the user-network-interface.
The user-network-interface is abbreviated as UNI.
The network provider is free to use any procedure inside the network.
The network provider can choose any procedure it wishes.
25 specifies some limited re-transmission procedures at the UNI.
The link layer protocol is LAPB.
LAPB provides conventional HDLC-type link management procedures.
Frame Relay is a modified version of ISDN's layer two protocol.
ISDN's layer two protocol is LAPD.
ISDN's layer two protocol is LAPB.
The integrity operations pertain only between nodes on a link.
The integrity operations do not pertain end-to-end.
Any retransmissions must be carried out by higher layer protocols.
The X is a named entity.
The 25 UNI protocol is part of X.
The 25 protocol suite consists of the lower three layers of the OSI Model.
The OSI Model is a conceptual framework used to understand network communication.
The technology was widely used at the UNI for packet switching networks during the 1980s.
The technology was widely used at the UNI for packet switching networks during the early 1990s.
The purpose of the technology was to provide a standardized interface into packet networks.
The purpose of the technology was to provide a standardized interface out of packet networks.
Some implementations used X.
The number 25 is within the network.
The connection-oriented features of the network made the setup cumbersome.
The connection-oriented features of the network made the setup inefficient.
Frame relay operates principally at layer two of the OSI Model.
The address field is the Data Link Connection ID.
The Data Link Connection ID is abbreviated as DLCI.
The address field can be used at the OSI network layer.
The use of the address field at the OSI network layer requires a minimum set of procedures.
The subject rids itself of many X.
There are 25 layer 3 encumbrances.
The system still has the DLCI as an ID.
The DLCI serves as an ID beyond a node-to-node layer two link protocol.
The simplicity of Frame Relay contributes to its speed.
The simplicity of Frame Relay contributes to its efficiency.
Frame Relay is faster than X.
Frame Relay is more efficient than X.
25 is a numerical value.
Frame relay is a data link layer protocol.
X is also a data link layer protocol.
The statement does not define internal network routing operations.
The packet IDs are 25.
The virtual circuit numbers have to be correlated to network addresses.
The virtual channel numbers have to be correlated to network addresses.
The same is true for Frame Relays DLCI.
The method of how this is done is determined by the network provider.
The network provider has the discretion to decide how this is done.
Frame Relay has no network layer procedures.
Frame Relay is connection-oriented at layer two.
Frame Relay uses the HDLC/LAPD/LAPB Set Asynchronous Balanced Mode (SABM).
Typically, 25 connections are established for each communication session.
There is a feature that allows a limited amount of traffic to be passed across the UNI.
The limited amount of traffic can be passed without the connection-oriented handshake.
Frame Relay was used to interconnect LANs across wide area networks for a while.
25 has been supplanted by the Internet Protocol (IP) at the network layer.
Frame Relay has been supplanted by the Internet Protocol (IP) at the network layer.
The Internet Protocol (IP) operates at the network layer.
The Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) operates at layer two.
Versions of Multi-Protocol Label Switching (MPLS) operate at layer two.
A typical configuration is to run IP over ATM.
A typical configuration is to run a version of MPLS.
Uyless Black is a named entity.
X is a variable or placeholder.
The document titled '25 and Related Protocols' was published by the IEEE Computer Society in 1991.
Uyless Black is the author of the book 'Frame Relay Networks'.
The book 'Frame Relay Networks' was published by McGraw-Hill in 1998.
Uyless Black is the author of the book 'MPLS and Label Switching Networks'.
The book 'MPLS and Label Switching Networks' was published by Prentice Hall in 2001.
Uyless Black is the author of the book 'ATM, Volume I'.
The book 'ATM, Volume I' was published by Prentice Hall in 1995.
ARPANET became operational in 1969.
SITA HLN became operational in 1969.
The introduction of X has not yet occurred.
In 1973, about twenty different network technologies had been developed.
The year 1973 is a specific point in time.
About twenty different network technologies refer to a quantity of technologies.
Two fundamental differences involved the division of functions between the hosts at the edge of the network and the network core.
Two fundamental differences involved the division of tasks between the hosts at the edge of the network and the network core.
In the datagram system, the hosts have the responsibility to ensure orderly delivery of packets.
The User Datagram Protocol is an example of a datagram protocol.
The virtual call system is a type of communication system.
The network guarantees sequenced delivery of data.
The sequenced delivery of data is guaranteed to the host.
The result is a simpler host interface.
The simpler host interface has less functionality than in the datagram model.
The X is a named entity.
The 25 protocol suite uses a specific network type.
AppleTalk was a proprietary suite of networking protocols.
AppleTalk was developed by Apple Inc.
The year 1985 is significant for Apple Macintosh computers.
The primary protocol was used by Apple devices through the 1980s.
The primary protocol was used by Apple devices through the 1990s.
AppleTalk included features that allowed local area networks to be established ad hoc.
AppleTalk did not require a centralized router.
AppleTalk did not require a centralized server.
The AppleTalk system automatically assigned addresses.
The AppleTalk system updated the distributed namespace.
The AppleTalk system configured any required inter-network routing.
The system was a plug-n-play system.
The CYCLADES packet switching network was a French research network.
The CYCLADES packet switching network was designed by Louis Pouzin.
The CYCLADES packet switching network was directed by Louis Pouzin.
The concept was first demonstrated in 1973.
The concept was developed to explore alternatives to the early ARPANET design.
The concept was developed to support network research generally.
The first network made the hosts responsible for reliable delivery of data.
The network itself was not responsible for reliable delivery of data.
The first network used unreliable datagrams.
The first network used associated end-to-end protocol mechanisms.
The concepts of this network influenced later ARPANET architecture.
This network had concepts that were influential.
DECnet is a suite of network protocols.
DECnet was created by Digital Equipment Corporation.
DECnet was originally released in 1975.
DECnet was released in order to connect two PDP-11 minicomputers.
The network architecture evolved into one of the first peer-to-peer network architectures.
The evolution of the network architecture transformed Digital Equipment Corporation into a networking powerhouse in the 1980s.
The networking protocol was initially built with three layers.
The networking protocol later evolved into a seven-layer OSI-compliant networking protocol in 1982.
The DECnet protocols were designed by Digital Equipment Corporation.
Digital Equipment Corporation is the entity that designed the DECnet protocols.
The design of the DECnet protocols was done entirely by Digital Equipment Corporation.
DECnet Phase II was an open standard.
DECnet Phase II had published specifications.
Several implementations of DECnet Phase II were developed outside DEC.
One implementation of DECnet Phase II was developed for Linux.
In 1965, a data network was designed to connect GE's four computer sales and service centers.
The data network was based on a voice-phone network.
Warner Sinback instigated the design of the data network.
The four computer sales and service centers of GE are located in Schenectady, Phoenix, Chicago, and Phoenix.
The purpose of the data network was to facilitate a computer time-sharing service.
The computer time-sharing service was apparently the world's first commercial online service.
The centers sold GE computers.
The centers were computer service bureaus.
The centers offered batch processing services.
They lost money from the beginning.
Sinback was a high-level marketing manager.
Sinback was given the job of turning the business around.
He decided that a time-sharing system could be profitable.
The time-sharing system was based on Kemney's work at Dartmouth.
Kemney's work at Dartmouth used a computer on loan from GE.
Warner was correct.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
Merit Network, Inc is an organization.
An independent non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation was formed in 1966.
The independent non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation is governed by Michigan's public universities.
The independent non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation was formed as the Michigan Educational Research Information Triad.
The purpose of the Michigan Educational Research Information Triad was to explore computer networking between three of Michigan's public universities.
The exploration of computer networking was a means to help the state's educational development.
The exploration of computer networking was a means to help the state's economic development.
The State of Michigan provided initial support for the packet-switched network.
The National Science Foundation provided initial support for the packet-switched network.
The packet-switched network was first demonstrated in December 1971.
An interactive host to host connection was made between the IBM mainframe computer systems at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and Wayne State University in Detroit.
In October 1972, connections to the CDC mainframe were completed.
The connections to the CDC mainframe were completed at Michigan State University.
Michigan State University is located in East Lansing.
The completion of the connections formed a triad.
Over the next several years, the network was enhanced to support terminal to host connections.
The network was enhanced to support host to host interactive connections.
The network was enhanced to support host to host batch connections.
Host to host batch connections included remote job submission.
Host to host batch connections included remote printing.
Host to host batch connections included batch file transfer.
The network was enhanced to support interactive file transfer.
The network included gateways to the Tymnet public data network.
The network included gateways to the Telenet public data network.
There are 25 host attachments.
The host attachments are gateways to X.
25 data networks exist.
Ethernet attached hosts exist.
TCP/IP exists.
Additional public universities in Michigan join the network.
All of this set the stage for Merit's role in the NSFNET project.
Merit's role in the NSFNET project started in the mid-1980s.
Telenet was the first FCC-licensed public data network in the United States.
The organization was founded by Larry Roberts.
Larry Roberts was a former ARPA IPTO director.
The purpose of the organization was to make ARPANET technology public.
He had tried to interest AT&T in buying the technology.
AT&T is a monopoly.
The reaction of AT&T was that buying the technology was incompatible with their future.
Bolt, Beranack and Newman provided the financing.
The system initially used ARPANET technology.
The system changed the host interface to X.
25 is a number.
The terminal interface is a type of user interface.
The terminal interface connects to X.
Telenet designed these protocols.
Telenet helped standardize these protocols in the CCITT.
The CCITT is an organization involved in standardization.
Telenet was incorporated in 1973.
Telenet started operations in 1975.
The entity went public in 1979.
The entity was then sold to GTE.
Tymnet was an international data communications network.
Tymnet was headquartered in San Jose, CA.
Tymnet utilized virtual call packet switched technology.
25 is a reference to a specific item or topic.
SNA is a type of network architecture.
SDLC is a type of data link control protocol.
BSC is a type of communication protocol.
ASCII is a character encoding standard.
SNA, SDLC, BSC, and ASCII interfaces are used to connect host computers.
Host computers refer to servers.
The connection of host computers occurs at thousands of large companies.
The connection of host computers occurs at educational institutions.
The connection of host computers occurs at government agencies.
Users typically connected via dial-up connections.
Users typically connected via dedicated async connections.
The business consisted of a large public network.
The large public network supported dial-up users.
The business also consisted of a private network.
The private network allowed government agencies to build their own dedicated networks.
The private network allowed large companies to build their own dedicated networks.
The large companies that used the private network were mostly banks.
The large companies that used the private network were mostly airlines.
The private networks were often connected via gateways to the public network.
The connection to the public network allowed the private networks to reach locations not on the private network.
Tymnet was connected to dozens of other public networks.
The public networks were located in the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The phrase 'and internationally via X' suggests a connection to international activities.
X is a medium or method used for international communication or transactions.
25 is a number.
X is a variable.
The expression 25/X represents the division of 25 by X.
There are 75 gateways.
Tymnet was not named after Mr.
Another employee suggested a name.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
There were two kinds of X.
25 networks is a numerical expression indicating a quantity of networks.
Some systems were initially implemented with an X.
DATAPAC is one of the systems that were initially implemented with an X.
TRANSPAC is another system that was initially implemented with an X.
25 is an external interface.
Some older networks were TELENET.
Some older networks were TYMNET.
TELENET was modified to provide a X.
TYMNET was modified to provide a X.
There are 25 host interfaces.
The 25 host interfaces are in addition to older host connection schemes.
DATAPAC was developed by Bell Northern Research.
Bell Northern Research was a joint venture of Bell Canada.
Bell Canada is a common carrier.
Bell Northern Research was a joint venture of Northern Telecom.
Northern Telecom is a telecommunications equipment supplier.
Northern Telecom sold several DATAPAC clones to foreign PTTs.
Deutsche Bundespost is one of the foreign PTTs that purchased DATAPAC clones.
75 is a number.
X is a variable.
121 allowed the interconnection of national X.
25 networks is a numerical quantity.
Networks are a type of system or structure.
A user or host could call a host on a foreign network.
The user or host includes the DNIC of the remote network as part of the destination address.
AUSTPAC was an Australian public entity.
The 25 network is operated by Telstra.
Telstra is a telecommunications company.
AUSTPAC was started by Telecom Australia in the early 1980s.
AUSTPAC was Australia's first public packet-switched data network.
AUSTPAC supported applications such as on-line betting.
AUSTPAC supported financial applications.
The Australian Tax Office made use of AUSTPAC.
AUSTPAC supported remote terminal access to academic institutions.
Academic institutions maintained their connections to AUSTPAC up until the mid-late 1990s in some cases.
Access can be via a dial-up terminal to a PAD.
Access can be by linking a permanent X.
25 nodes were added to the network.
Datanet 1 was the public switched data network.
Datanet 1 was operated by the Dutch PTT Telecom.
Dutch PTT Telecom is now known as KPN.
Strictly speaking, Datanet 1 only referred to the network.
Datanet 1 referred to the connected users via leased lines.
Datanet 1 used the X.
121 DNIC 2041 is a name that refers to a specific service.
The name also refers to the public PAD service Telepad.
Telepad uses the DNIC 2049.
The main Videotex service used the network.
The main Videotex service modified PAD devices as infrastructure.
The name Datanet 1 was used for these services.
The use of the name was incorrect.
All these services were managed by the same people.
The same people worked within one department of KPN.
The management of all these services contributed to the confusion.
The Computer Science Network was a computer network.
The Computer Science Network was funded by the U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
The National Science Foundation began operation in 1981.
The National Science Foundation is abbreviated as NSF.
The purpose of the initiative was to extend networking benefits.
The networking benefits were intended for computer science departments.
The computer science departments were located at academic and research institutions.
The academic and research institutions could not be directly connected to ARPANET.
The inability to connect to ARPANET was due to funding limitations.
The inability to connect to ARPANET was due to authorization limitations.
The subject played a significant role in spreading awareness of national networking.
The subject played a significant role in spreading access to national networking.
The subject was a major milestone on the path to the development of the global Internet.
Internet2 is a not-for-profit computer networking consortium.
Internet2 is located in the United States.
Internet2 is led by members from the research community.
Internet2 is led by members from the education community.
Internet2 is led by members from the industry.
Internet2 is led by members from the government.
The Internet2 community built the first Internet2 Network in 1998.
The first Internet2 Network is called Abilene.
The Internet2 community partnered with Qwest to build the first Internet2 Network.
The Internet2 community was a prime investor in the National LambdaRail project.
In 2006, Internet2 announced a partnership with Level 3 Communications.
The partnership was to launch a brand new nationwide network.
The new nationwide network boosted Internet2's capacity from 10 Gbit/s to 100 Gbit/s.
In October 2007, Internet2 officially retired Abilene.
Internet2 now refers to its new, higher capacity network as the Internet2 Network.
The National Science Foundation Network was a program of coordinated, evolving projects.
The National Science Foundation Network was sponsored by the National Science Foundation.
The National Science Foundation began the National Science Foundation Network in 1985.
The purpose of the National Science Foundation Network was to promote advanced research and education networking in the United States.
NSFNET was the name given to several nationwide backbone networks.
The nationwide backbone networks operated at speeds of 56 kbit/s.
5 Mbit/s is a data rate associated with T1.
45 Mbit/s is a data rate associated with T3.
T1 and T3 were constructed to support NSF's networking initiatives.
NSF's networking initiatives occurred from 1985 to 1995.
The system was initially created to link researchers to the nation's NSF-funded supercomputing centers.
The system developed into a major part of the Internet backbone through further public funding.
The system developed into a major part of the Internet backbone through private industry partnerships.
The Very high-speed Backbone Network Service (vBNS) came on line in April 1995.
The Very high-speed Backbone Network Service (vBNS) was part of a National Science Foundation (NSF) sponsored project.
The purpose of the National Science Foundation (NSF) sponsored project was to provide high-speed interconnection between NSF-sponsored supercomputing centers.
The National Science Foundation (NSF) sponsored project aimed to provide high-speed interconnection between select access points in the United States.
The network was engineered by MCI Telecommunications.
The network was operated by MCI Telecommunications.
MCI Telecommunications operated the network under a cooperative agreement with the NSF.
The NSF was involved in a cooperative agreement with MCI Telecommunications.
By 1998, the vBNS had grown to connect more than 100 universities.
By 1998, the vBNS had grown to connect more than 100 research institutions.
By 1998, the vBNS had grown to connect more than 100 engineering institutions.
The vBNS connected these institutions via 12 national points of presence.
The vBNS utilized DS-3 links with a speed of 45 Mbit/s.
The vBNS utilized OC-3c links with a speed of 155 Mbit/s.
The vBNS utilized OC-12c links with a speed of 622 Mbit/s.
The vBNS operated on an all OC-12c backbone.
The connection of more than 100 universities and research and engineering institutions via the vBNS was a substantial engineering feat for that time.
The vBNS installed one of the first ever production OC-48c.
OC-48c is a type of optical carrier technology.
5 Gbit/s IP links were established in February 1999.
The entire backbone was upgraded to OC-48c.
The Black Death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of Central Asia.
The Black Death then travelled along the Silk Road.
The Black Death reached Crimea by 1343.
The Oriental rat fleas were living on the black rats.
The black rats were regular passengers on merchant ships.
The disease was most likely carried by the Oriental rat fleas.
The Black Death spread throughout the Mediterranean.
The Black Death spread throughout Europe.
The Black Death is estimated to have killed 30–60% of Europe's total population.
The plague reduced the world population from an estimated 450 million.
The plague reduced the world population down to 350–375 million.
The events described occurred in the 14th century.
The world population as a whole did not recover to pre-plague levels.
The recovery of the world population to pre-plague levels occurred in the 17th century.
The plague recurred occasionally in Europe.
The recurrence of the plague in Europe continued until the 19th century.
The plague disease is caused by Yersinia pestis.
The plague disease is enzootic in populations of fleas.
The populations of fleas are carried by ground rodents.
Ground rodents include marmots.
The plague disease is commonly present in various areas.
The various areas include Central Asia.
The various areas include Kurdistan.
The various areas include Western Asia.
The various areas include Northern India.
The various areas include Uganda.
Nestorian graves date to 1338–39 near Lake Issyk Kul in Kyrgyzstan.
The Nestorian graves have inscriptions referring to plague.
Many epidemiologists think that the inscriptions mark the outbreak of the epidemic.
The epidemic could easily have spread to China.
The epidemic could easily have spread to India.
In October 2010, medical geneticists suggested a hypothesis.
The hypothesis stated that all three of the great waves of the plague originated in China.
The 13th century Mongol conquest caused a decline in farming in China.
The 13th century Mongol conquest caused a decline in trading in China.
Economic recovery had been observed at the beginning of the 14th century.
In the 1330s, a large number of natural disasters occurred.
In the 1330s, a large number of plagues occurred.
The large number of natural disasters and plagues led to widespread famine.
Widespread famine started in 1331.
A deadly plague arrived soon after the start of the widespread famine.
Epidemics may have included plague.
Epidemics killed an estimated 25 million Chinese and other Asians.
The estimated 25 million Chinese and other Asians were killed during the 15 years before the epidemics reached Constantinople in 1347.
Plague was reportedly first introduced to Europe via Genoese traders.
Genoese traders were at the port city of Kaffa in the Crimea.
The introduction of plague to Europe occurred in 1347.
The Mongol army was under the command of Jani Beg.
The Mongol army was suffering from a disease.
The siege was protracted.
The Mongol army catapulted infected corpses over the city walls of Kaffa.
The purpose of catapulting the infected corpses was to infect the inhabitants of Kaffa.
The Genoese traders fled.
The Genoese traders took the plague by ship into Sicily.
The Genoese traders took the plague by ship into the south of Europe.
The plague spread north from Sicily and the south of Europe.
The accuracy of the hypothesis is uncertain.
Several existing conditions contributed to the severity of the Black Death.
War was one of the existing conditions that contributed to the severity of the Black Death.
Famine was one of the existing conditions that contributed to the severity of the Black Death.
Weather was one of the existing conditions that contributed to the severity of the Black Death.
The disease spread northwest across Europe from Italy.
The disease struck France by June 1348.
The disease struck Spain by June 1348.
The disease struck Portugal by June 1348.
The disease struck England by June 1348.
The disease turned and spread east through Germany from 1348 to 1350.
The disease spread east through Scandinavia from 1348 to 1350.
The introduction occurred in Norway in 1349.
A ship landed at Askøy in Norway.
The introduction then spread to Bjørgvin.
Bjørgvin is the modern name for Bergen.
The introduction also spread to Iceland.
The custom spread to northwestern Russia in 1351.
The plague was somewhat less common in parts of Europe.
Parts of Europe had smaller trade relations with their neighbours.
The Kingdom of Poland had smaller trade relations with their neighbours.
The majority of the Basque Country had smaller trade relations with their neighbours.
Isolated parts of Belgium had smaller trade relations with their neighbours.
Isolated parts of the Netherlands had smaller trade relations with their neighbours.
Isolated alpine villages throughout the continent had smaller trade relations with their neighbours.
The plague struck various countries in the Middle East during the pandemic.
The plague led to serious depopulation in various countries in the Middle East.
The plague caused permanent change in both economic structures in various countries in the Middle East.
The plague caused permanent change in social structures in various countries in the Middle East.
The disease spread to western Europe.
The disease entered the region from southern Russia.
By autumn 1347, the plague reached Alexandria in Egypt.
The plague probably reached Alexandria in Egypt through the port's trade with Constantinople.
The plague probably reached Alexandria in Egypt through ports on the Black Sea.
During 1347, the disease travelled eastward to Gaza.
During 1347, the disease travelled north along the eastern coast to cities in Lebanon.
During 1347, the disease travelled north along the eastern coast to cities in Syria.
During 1347, the disease travelled north along the eastern coast to cities in Palestine.
The cities in Lebanon include Ashkelon.
The cities in Lebanon include Acre.
The cities in Lebanon include Jerusalem.
The cities in Lebanon include Sidon.
The cities in Syria include Damascus.
The cities in Syria include Homs.
The cities in Syria include Aleppo.
In 1348, the disease reached Antioch.
In 1349, the disease reached Antioch.
The city's residents fled to the north.
Most of the city's residents died during the journey.
The infection had been spread to the people of Asia Minor.
Gasquet claimed that the Latin name atra mors refers to the Black Death.
The Black Death was a 14th-century epidemic.
The Latin name atra mors first appeared in modern times in 1631.
The Latin name atra mors appeared in a book on Danish history.
The author of the book on Danish history was J.
Pontanus is a named entity.
The phrase 'Vulgo & ab effectu atram mortem vocatibant' is a Latin expression.
The expression translates to 'Commonly and by effect they called it black death.'
The term 'the black death' is commonly used.
The term 'the black death' is derived from its effects.
The name spread through Scandinavia.
The name then spread through Germany.
The name gradually became attached to the mid 14th-century epidemic.
The name became a proper name.
In England, the medieval epidemic was first called the Black Death in 1823.
The medieval epidemic was not called the Black Death until 1823.
Medical knowledge had stagnated during the Middle Ages.
The most authoritative account at the time came from the medical faculty in Paris.
The medical faculty in Paris submitted a report to the king of France.
The report blamed the heavens for the great pestilence.
The heavens were represented by a conjunction of three planets in 1345.
The conjunction of three planets caused a great pestilence in the air.
This report became the first of a series of plague tracts.
This report became the most widely circulated of a series of plague tracts.
The series of plague tracts sought to give advice to sufferers.
The plague was caused by bad air.
The theory that the plague was caused by bad air became the most widely accepted theory.
Today, the Miasma theory is known.
The word 'plague' had no special significance at this time.
The recurrence of outbreaks during the Middle Ages gave the word 'plague' a name.
The name that the word 'plague' received has become the medical term.
The dominant explanation for the Black Death is the plague theory.
The plague theory attributes the outbreak of the Black Death to Yersinia pestis.
Yersinia pestis is also responsible for an epidemic that began in southern China in 1865.
The epidemic that began in southern China in 1865 eventually spread to India.
The investigation of the pathogen that caused the 19th-century plague was begun by teams of scientists.
The teams of scientists visited Hong Kong in 1894.
Alexandre Yersin was a French-Swiss bacteriologist.
Alexandre Yersin was among the teams of scientists who visited Hong Kong in 1894.
The pathogen was named Yersinia pestis after Alexandre Yersin.
The mechanism by which Y exists is not specified in the provided content.
Pestis was usually transmitted.
The transmission of pestis was established in 1898 by Paul-Louis Simond.
Paul-Louis Simond was a researcher.
The transmission of pestis was found to involve the bites of fleas.
The midguts of fleas had become obstructed by replicating Y.
Pestis can be transmitted several days after feeding on an infected host.
Pestis is a pathogen.
The blockage results in starvation by the fleas.
The blockage results in aggressive feeding behaviour by the fleas.
The fleas repeatedly attempt to clear their blockage by regurgitation.
The regurgitation results in thousands of plague bacteria being flushed into the feeding site.
The flushing of plague bacteria into the feeding site infects the host.
The bubonic plague mechanism was dependent on two populations of rodents.
One population of rodents was resistant to the disease.
The population of rodents that was resistant to the disease acted as hosts.
The population of rodents that was resistant to the disease kept the disease endemic.
A second population of rodents lacked resistance to the disease.
When the second population dies, the fleas move on to other hosts.
The other hosts include people.
The movement of fleas to other hosts creates a human epidemic.
Francis Aidan Gasquet was a historian.
Francis Aidan Gasquet wrote about the 'Great Pestilence' in 1893.
Francis Aidan Gasquet suggested that the 'Great Pestilence' would appear to be some form of the ordinary Eastern or bubonic plague.
He was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the Black Death for the second edition in 1908.
He implicated rats and fleas in the process of the epidemiology of the bubonic plague.
His interpretation of the epidemiology of the bubonic plague was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics.
The Justinian plague was prevalent in the Eastern Roman Empire from 541 to 700 CE.
Other forms of plague have been implicated by modern scientists.
Modern scientists have implicated other forms of plague.
The modern bubonic plague has a mortality rate of 30–75%.
The modern bubonic plague has symptoms including fever of 38–41 °C (100–106 °F).
The modern bubonic plague has symptoms including headaches.
The modern bubonic plague has symptoms including painful aching joints.
The modern bubonic plague has symptoms including nausea and vomiting.
The modern bubonic plague has symptoms including a general feeling of malaise.
Left untreated, 80 percent of individuals that contract the bubonic plague die within eight days.
The bubonic plague is a disease.
Individuals that contract the bubonic plague are at risk of death if left untreated.
Pneumonic plague has a mortality rate of 90 percent.
Pneumonic plague has a mortality rate of 95 percent.
Symptoms include fever.
Symptoms include cough.
Symptoms include blood-tinged sputum.
As the disease progresses, sputum becomes free flowing.
As the disease progresses, sputum becomes bright red.
Septicemic plague is the least common of the three forms of plague.
Septicemic plague has a mortality rate near 100%.
Symptoms are high fevers.
Symptoms include purple skin patches.
Purple skin patches are referred to as purpura.
Purpura is due to disseminated intravascular coagulation.
In cases of pneumonic plague, the progress of the disease is rapid.
In cases of septicemic plague, the progress of the disease is rapid.
There would often be no time for the development of the enlarged lymph nodes.
The enlarged lymph nodes are noted as buboes.
In October 2010, the open-access scientific journal PLoS Pathogens published a paper.
The paper was published by a multinational team.
The multinational team undertook a new investigation into the role of Yersinia pestis in the Black Death.
The investigation followed the disputed identification by Drancourt and Raoult in 1998.
Drancourt and Raoult were researchers.
The presence of DNA/RNA was assessed.
Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) techniques were used for the assessment.
The assessment was conducted for Y.
Pestis was found in tooth sockets in human skeletons.
The human skeletons were from mass graves.
The mass graves were located in northern Europe.
The mass graves were located in central Europe.
The mass graves were located in southern Europe.
The mass graves were associated archaeologically with the Black Death.
The mass graves were associated archaeologically with subsequent resurgences.
The authors concluded that the new research is significant.
The new research is together with prior analyses from the south of France.
The new research is together with prior analyses from Germany.
It seems that you have not provided any content to decompose.
Please provide the text or content you would like me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
It seems that the content you would like me to decompose is missing.
Please provide the text or content you want me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
The debate about the etiology of the Black Death ends.
The conclusion unambiguously demonstrates that Y.
Pestis was the causative agent of the epidemic plague.
The epidemic plague devastated Europe during the Middle Ages.
The study found that there were two previously unknown clades of the Y.
The two clades are related.
Clades are genetic branches.
The pestis genome is associated with medieval mass graves.
These clades are thought to be extinct.
These clades were found to be ancestral to modern isolates of the modern Y.
Pestis strains Y is a specific type of pestis strain.
Orientalis is a term that may refer to a species or a geographical region.
Y is a letter in the English alphabet.
The term medievalis refers to the medieval period.
The plague may have entered Europe in two waves.
Surveys of plague pit remains indicate the first variant of the plague entered Europe through the port of Marseille around November 1347.
The first variant of the plague spread through France over the next two years.
The first variant of the plague eventually reached England in the spring of 1349.
The first variant of the plague spread through England in three epidemics.
Surveys of plague pit remains were conducted in the Dutch town of Bergen op Zoom.
The surveys showed the Y.
The pestis genotype responsible for the pandemic that spread through the Low Countries from 1350 differed from the pestis genotype found in Britain.
The pestis genotype responsible for the pandemic that spread through the Low Countries from 1350 differed from the pestis genotype found in France.
The difference in pestis genotypes implies that Bergen op Zoom was not directly infected from England in 1349.
The difference in pestis genotypes implies that Bergen op Zoom was not directly infected from France in 1349.
The difference in pestis genotypes suggests that a second wave of plague may have been carried to the Low Countries.
The second wave of plague may have been different from the plagues in Britain.
The second wave of plague may have been different from the plagues in France.
The second wave of plague may have been carried to the Low Countries from Norway.
The second wave of plague may have been carried to the Low Countries from the Hanseatic cities.
The second wave of plague may have been carried to the Low Countries from another site.
The results of the Haensch study have been confirmed.
The results of the Haensch study have been amended.
Genetic evidence was derived from Black Death victims.
The Black Death victims were located in the East Smithfield burial site in England.
Schuenemann et al conducted research based on the genetic evidence.
The conclusion was made in 2011.
The conclusion states that the Black Death in medieval Europe was caused by a variant of Y.
The Black Death occurred in medieval Europe.
Pestis may no longer exist.
A study was published in Nature in October 2011.
The study sequenced the genome of Y.
Pestis is a bacterium associated with plague victims.
The strain of pestis that caused the Black Death is ancestral to most modern strains of the disease.
The plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of a British bacteriologist.
The British bacteriologist's name is J.
Shrewsbury noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague.
Shrewsbury concluded that contemporary accounts were exaggerations.
In 1984, Graham Twigg was a zoologist.
Graham Twigg produced the first major work to challenge the bubonic plague theory directly.
Graham Twigg had doubts about the identity of the Black Death.
A number of authors have taken up Graham Twigg's doubts about the identity of the Black Death.
Samuel K is one of the authors who have taken up Graham Twigg's doubts.
Cohn, Jr is a named entity.
David Herlihy published a work in 1997.
Susan Scott published a work in 2001.
Christopher Duncan published a work in 2001.
A work was published in 2002.
An epidemiological account of the plague is recognised as important.
The identification of symptoms is recognised as important.
Researchers are hampered by the lack of reliable statistics from the period.
Most work has been done on the spread of the plague in England.
Estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100%.
No census was undertaken between the time of publication of the Domesday Book and the year 1377.
Estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures.
The figures are from the clergy.
Sceptics of the bubonic plague theory argue that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic.
Sceptics of the bubonic plague theory point out that the symptoms of the Black Death are not unique.
The symptoms of the Black Death may differ from bubonic plague in some accounts.
Sceptics of the bubonic plague theory argue that transference via fleas in goods was likely to be of marginal significance.
Sceptics of the bubonic plague theory argue that the DNA results may be flawed.
Sceptics of the bubonic plague theory argue that the DNA results might not have been repeated elsewhere.
Extensive samples were taken from other mass graves.
Other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries.
Temperatures that are too cold in northern Europe prevent the survival of fleas.
Despite primitive transport systems, the spread of the Black Death was much faster than the spread of modern bubonic plague.
Mortality rates of the Black Death appear to be very high.
Modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease.
The Black Death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas.
The pattern of the Black Death included major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years.
The pattern of modern bubonic plague often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups.
The pattern of the Black Death differs from the pattern of modern bubonic plague.
There are a variety of alternatives to the Y.
Pestis has been put forward.
Twigg suggested that the cause was a form of anthrax.
Norman Cantor thought it may have been a combination of anthrax and other pandemics.
Norman Cantor published his thoughts in 2001.
Scott has argued that the pandemic was a form of infectious disease.
Duncan has argued that the pandemic was a form of infectious disease.
The pandemic is characterized as a hemorrhagic plague.
The hemorrhagic plague is similar to Ebola.
Barney Sloane is an archaeologist.
Barney Sloane has argued that there is insufficient evidence of the extinction of a large number of rats.
The insufficient evidence of the extinction of a large number of rats is found in the archaeological record of the medieval waterfront in London.
Barney Sloane argues that the plague spread too quickly.
Barney Sloane argues that the quick spread of the plague does not support the thesis regarding the extinction of rats.
Pestis was spread from fleas on rats.
He argues that transmission must have been person to person.
No single alternative solution has achieved widespread acceptance.
Many scholars are arguing for the Y.
Pestis is the major agent of the pandemic.
The extent of the pandemic can be explained by a combination of bubonic plague with other diseases.
The other diseases include typhus.
The other diseases include smallpox.
The other diseases include respiratory infections.
The symptoms of the pandemic can be explained by a combination of bubonic plague with other diseases.
In addition to the bubonic infection, there are additional forms of the plague.
The additional forms of the plague include septicemic plague.
Septicemic plague is a type of blood poisoning.
The additional forms of the plague also include pneumonic plague.
Pneumonic plague is an airborne plague that attacks the lungs before the rest of the body.
The additional forms of the plague lengthen the duration of outbreaks throughout the seasons.
The additional forms of the plague help account for the high mortality rate of the plague.
The additional forms of the plague help account for additional recorded symptoms of the plague.
In 2014, scientists with Public Health England announced the results of an examination of 25 bodies.
The 25 bodies were exhumed from the Clerkenwell area of London.
Scientists with Public Health England also examined wills registered in London during the period.
The examination of the bodies and wills supported the pneumonic hypothesis.
The most widely accepted estimate for the Middle East is for a death rate of about a third.
The Middle East includes Iraq.
The Middle East includes Iran.
The Middle East includes Syria.
The estimate is for the time period being referenced.
The Black Death killed about 40% of Egypt's population.
The Black Death was a pandemic.
Half of Paris's population died.
Paris's population was 100,000 people.
Half of 100,000 people is 50,000 people.
In Italy, the population of Florence was 110–120 thousand inhabitants in 1338.
The population of Florence was reduced to 50 thousand inhabitants in 1351.
At least 60% of the population of Hamburg perished.
At least 60% of the population of Bremen perished.
A similar percentage of Londoners may have died from the disease.
Contemporary reports account of mass burial pits being created in response to the large numbers of dead.
Recent scientific investigations of a burial pit in Central London found well-preserved individuals to be buried in isolated, evenly spaced graves.
The findings from the burial pit in Central London suggest at least some pre-planning.
The findings from the burial pit in Central London suggest Christian burials at this time.
Before 1350, there were about 170,000 settlements in Germany.
The number of settlements in Germany was reduced by nearly 40,000 by 1450.
In 1348, the plague spread rapidly.
Before any physicians had time to reflect upon the origins of the plague, about a third of the European population had already perished.
Before any government authorities had time to reflect upon the origins of the plague, about a third of the European population had already perished.
In crowded cities, it was not uncommon for a significant portion of the population to die.
As much as 50% of the population could die in crowded cities.
The disease bypassed some areas.
The most isolated areas were less vulnerable to contagion.
Monks were especially hard hit.
Priests were especially hard hit.
Monks and priests cared for victims of the Black Death.
The plague repeatedly returned to haunt Europe throughout the 14th to 17th centuries.
The plague repeatedly returned to haunt the Mediterranean throughout the 14th to 17th centuries.
Biraben is a source of information regarding the plague.
The plague was present somewhere in Europe in every year between 1346 and 1671.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1360 to 1363.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the year 1374.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the year 1400.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1438 to 1439.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1456 to 1457.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1464 to 1466.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1481 to 1485.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1500 to 1503.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1518 to 1531.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1544 to 1548.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1563 to 1566.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1573 to 1588.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1596 to 1599.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1602 to 1611.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1623 to 1640.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1644 to 1654.
The Second Pandemic was particularly widespread in the years 1664 to 1667.
Subsequent outbreaks were severe.
Subsequent outbreaks marked the retreat from most of Europe in the 18th century.
Subsequent outbreaks marked the retreat from northern Africa in the 19th century.
Geoffrey Parker is a source of information.
France alone lost almost a million people to the plague in the epidemic of 1628–31.
It seems that your message was cut off.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose, and I will be happy to assist you!
In England, historians propose a range of preincident population figures.
The preincident population figures range from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300.
Historians propose a postincident population figure as low as 2 million.
By the end of 1350, the Black Death subsided.
The Black Death never really died out in England.
Further outbreaks occurred over the next few hundred years.
Further outbreaks occurred in 1361–62.
Further outbreaks occurred in 1369.
Further outbreaks occurred in 1379–83.
Further outbreaks occurred in 1389–93.
Further outbreaks occurred throughout the first half of the 15th century.
An outbreak occurred in 1471.
The outbreak took as much as 10–15% of the population.
The plague occurred in 1479–80.
The death rate of the plague could have been as high as 20%.
The most general outbreaks in Tudor and Stuart England seem to have begun in 1498.
The most general outbreaks in Tudor and Stuart England seem to have begun in 1535.
The most general outbreaks in Tudor and Stuart England seem to have begun in 1543.
The most general outbreaks in Tudor and Stuart England seem to have begun in 1563.
The most general outbreaks in Tudor and Stuart England seem to have begun in 1589.
The most general outbreaks in Tudor and Stuart England seem to have begun in 1603.
The most general outbreaks in Tudor and Stuart England seem to have begun in 1625.
The most general outbreaks in Tudor and Stuart England seem to have begun in 1636.
The most general outbreaks in Tudor and Stuart England ended with the Great Plague of London in 1665.
In 1466, approximately 40,000 people died of the plague in Paris.
The plague was a disease that caused the deaths of many people.
During the 16th century, the plague was present in Paris around 30 per cent of the time.
During the 17th century, the plague was present in Paris around 30 per cent of the time.
The Black Death ravaged Europe for three years.
The Black Death continued on into Russia.
The disease was present somewhere in Russia 25 times between 1350 to 1490.
Plague epidemics ravaged London in 1563.
Plague epidemics ravaged London in 1593.
Plague epidemics ravaged London in 1603.
Plague epidemics ravaged London in 1625.
Plague epidemics ravaged London in 1636.
Plague epidemics ravaged London in 1665.
The population of London was reduced by 10 to 30% during the years of the plague epidemics.
Over 10% of Amsterdam's population died in 1623–25.
Over 10% of Amsterdam's population died again in 1635–36.
Over 10% of Amsterdam's population died in 1655.
Over 10% of Amsterdam's population died in 1664.
Plague occurred in Venice 22 times.
The occurrences of plague in Venice were between 1361 and 1528.
The plague of 1576–77 killed 50,000 people in Venice.
50,000 people represented almost a third of the population of Venice.
Late outbreaks in central Europe included the Italian Plague of 1629–1631.
The Italian Plague of 1629–1631 is associated with troop movements during the Thirty Years' War.
Late outbreaks in central Europe included the Great Plague of Vienna in 1679.
Over 60% of Norway's population died in 1348.
Over 60% of Norway's population died in 1349.
Over 60% of Norway's population died in 1350.
The last plague outbreak ravaged Oslo.
The last plague outbreak occurred in 1654.
In the first half of the 17th century, a plague claimed some 1.
There are 7 million victims in Italy.
7 million victims represent about 14% of the population in Italy.
In 1656, the plague killed about half of the inhabitants of Naples.
The population of Naples was 300,000 inhabitants.
More than 1 is a numerical expression.
25 million deaths resulted from the extreme incidence of plague in 17th-century Spain.
The extreme incidence of plague occurred in 17th-century Spain.
The plague of 1649 probably reduced the population of Seville.
The reduction in the population of Seville was by half.
A plague epidemic occurred in 1709–13.
The plague epidemic followed the Great Northern War.
The Great Northern War took place from 1700 to 1721.
The Great Northern War was between Sweden and other entities.
Russia and allies killed about 100,000 people in Sweden.
Russia and allies killed about 300,000 people in Prussia.
The plague killed two-thirds of the inhabitants of Helsinki.
The plague claimed a third of Stockholm's population.
Europe's last major epidemic occurred in 1720.
The last major epidemic in Europe occurred in Marseille.
The Black Death ravaged much of the Islamic world.
Plague was present in at least one location in the Islamic world every year between 1500 and 1850.
Plague repeatedly struck the cities of North Africa.
Algiers lost 30 to 50 thousand inhabitants in 1620–21.
Algiers lost inhabitants again in 1654–57.
Algiers lost inhabitants in 1665.
Algiers lost inhabitants in 1691.
Algiers lost inhabitants in 1740–42.
Plague remained a major event in Ottoman society.
Plague remained a major event in Ottoman society until the second quarter of the 19th century.
Between 1701 and 1750, thirty-seven larger and smaller epidemics were recorded in Constantinople.
An additional thirty-one larger and smaller epidemics were recorded in Constantinople between 1751 and 1800.
Baghdad has suffered severely from visitations of the plague.
Sometimes two-thirds of Baghdad's population has been wiped out.
There are three major types of rock.
The three major types of rock are igneous rock, sedimentary rock, and metamorphic rock.
The rock cycle is an important concept in geology.
The rock cycle illustrates the relationships between three types of rock.
The three types of rock are igneous rock, sedimentary rock, and metamorphic rock.
The rock cycle also illustrates the relationship between magma and the three types of rock.
A rock crystallizes from melt.
The melt can be magma and/or lava.
When a rock crystallizes from melt, it is classified as an igneous rock.
This rock can be weathered.
This rock can be eroded.
This rock can be redeposited.
This rock can be lithified into a sedimentary rock.
This rock can be turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure.
Heat and pressure change the mineral content of the rock.
The change in mineral content gives the rock a characteristic fabric.
The sedimentary rock can be turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure.
The metamorphic rock is then weathered.
The metamorphic rock is eroded.
The metamorphic rock is deposited.
The metamorphic rock is lithified.
The lithified material ultimately becomes a sedimentary rock.
Sedimentary rock may be re-eroded.
Sedimentary rock may be redeposited.
Metamorphic rock may undergo additional metamorphism.
All three types of rocks may be re-melted.
When the three types of rocks are re-melted, a new magma is formed.
An igneous rock may once again crystallize from the new magma.
In the 1960s, a series of discoveries occurred.
The most important discovery was seafloor spreading.
Seafloor spreading showed that the Earth's lithosphere is separated into a number of tectonic plates.
The Earth's lithosphere includes the crust and the rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle.
The tectonic plates move across the plastically deforming, solid upper mantle.
The solid upper mantle is called the asthenosphere.
There is an intimate coupling between the movement of the tectonic plates on the surface and the convection of the mantle.
Oceanic plate motions always move in the same direction as mantle convection currents.
The oceanic lithosphere is the rigid upper thermal boundary layer of the convecting mantle.
The coupling between rigid plates is called plate tectonics.
The rigid plates are moving on the surface of the Earth.
The convecting mantle is involved in the coupling.
The development of plate tectonics provided a physical basis for many observations.
The observations were related to the solid Earth.
Long linear regions of geologic features could be explained as plate boundaries.
Mid-ocean ridges are high regions on the seafloor.
Hydrothermal vents exist at mid-ocean ridges.
Volcanoes exist at mid-ocean ridges.
Mid-ocean ridges are explained as divergent boundaries.
Divergent boundaries are locations where two tectonic plates move apart.
Arcs of volcanoes and earthquakes were explained as convergent boundaries.
In convergent boundaries, one tectonic plate subducts under another tectonic plate.
Transform boundaries resulted in widespread powerful earthquakes.
The San Andreas fault system is an example of a transform boundary.
Plate tectonics provided a mechanism for Alfred Wegener's theory of continental drift.
Alfred Wegener's theory of continental drift states that the continents move across the surface of the Earth over geologic time.
They provided a driving force for crustal deformation.
They provided a new setting for the observations of structural geology.
The power of the theory of plate tectonics lies in its ability to combine observations.
The observations are combined into a single theory.
The single theory explains how the lithosphere moves over the convecting mantle.
Seismologists can use the arrival times of seismic waves to image the interior of the Earth.
The arrival times of seismic waves can be used in reverse.
Early advances in the field showed the existence of a liquid outer core.
Shear waves were not able to propagate in the liquid outer core.
Early advances in the field showed the existence of a dense solid inner core.
These advances led to the development of a layered model of the Earth.
The layered model of the Earth has a crust and lithosphere on top.
The mantle is located below the crust and lithosphere.
The mantle is separated within itself by seismic discontinuities at 410 kilometers.
The mantle is separated within itself by seismic discontinuities at 660 kilometers.
The outer core is located below the mantle.
The inner core is located below the outer core.
Seismologists have been able to create detailed images of wave speeds inside the earth.
Seismologists use a method similar to how a doctor images a body in a CT scan.
These images have led to a much more detailed view of the interior of the Earth.
These images have replaced the simplified layered model.
These images have introduced a much more dynamic model.
The following four timelines show the geologic time scale.
The first shows the entire time from the formation of the Earth to the present.
The first compresses the most recent eon.
The second scale shows the most recent eon.
The second scale has an expanded scale.
The second scale compresses the most recent era.
The most recent era is expanded in the third scale.
The Quaternary is a very short period.
The Quaternary has short epochs.
The Quaternary is further expanded in the fourth scale.
The second timeline is a subsection of the preceding timeline.
The third timeline is a subsection of the preceding timeline.
The fourth timeline is a subsection of the preceding timeline.
The subsections are indicated by asterisks.
The Holocene is the latest epoch.
The Holocene is too small to be shown clearly on the third timeline on the right.
The small size of the Holocene is another reason for expanding the fourth scale.
The Pleistocene epoch is a geological epoch.
The Pleistocene epoch is part of the Quaternary period.
Q stands for the Quaternary period.
The principle of cross-cutting relationships pertains to the formation of faults.
The principle of cross-cutting relationships pertains to the age of the sequences through which faults cut.
Faults are younger than the rocks they cut.
If a fault is found that penetrates some formations, then those formations are older than the fault.
If a fault is found that does not penetrate formations on top of it, then the formations on top of the fault are younger than the fault.
Finding the key bed in these situations may help determine the type of fault.
The type of fault may be a normal fault.
The type of fault may be a thrust fault.
The principle of inclusions and components states a specific geological concept.
The specific geological concept applies to sedimentary rocks.
If inclusions are found in a formation, then the inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them.
Inclusions are also referred to as clasts.
In sedimentary rocks, it is common for gravel from an older formation to be ripped up.
Gravel from an older formation is included in a newer layer.
A similar situation with igneous rocks occurs.
Xenoliths are found in the context of igneous rocks.
Foreign bodies are picked up as magma flows.
Foreign bodies are picked up as lava flows.
Foreign bodies are incorporated into the matrix.
Foreign bodies later cool in the matrix.
Xenoliths are older than the rock.
The rock contains xenoliths.
The principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of fossils.
Fossils are found in sedimentary rocks.
Organisms exist at the same time period throughout the world.
The presence of organisms may be used to provide a relative age of the formations in which they are found.
The absence of organisms may sometimes be used to provide a relative age of the formations in which they are found.
William Smith laid out principles almost a hundred years before the publication of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution.
The principles of succession were developed independently of evolutionary thought.
The principle becomes quite complex.
The complexities arise from the uncertainties of fossilization.
The complexities arise from the localization of fossil types due to lateral changes in habitat.
Lateral changes in habitat are referred to as facies change in sedimentary strata.
Not all fossils may be found globally at the same time.
At the beginning of the 20th century, there was an important advancement in geological science.
The important advancement in geological science was facilitated by the ability to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events.
The ability to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events was achieved using radioactive isotopes and other methods.
The understanding of geologic time changed.
Previously, geologists could only use fossils to date sections of rock relative to one another.
Previously, geologists could only use stratigraphic correlation to date sections of rock relative to one another.
Isotopic dates made it possible to assign absolute ages to rock units.
Absolute dates could be applied to fossil sequences.
Fossil sequences contained datable material.
The application of absolute dates converted the old relative ages into new absolute ages.
Isotope ratios of radioactive elements are measured in minerals for many geologic applications.
The measurement of isotope ratios gives the amount of time that has passed since a rock passed through its particular closure temperature.
The closure temperature is the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice.
Geochronologic studies use these.
Thermochronologic studies use these.
Common methods of dating include uranium-lead dating.
Common methods of dating include potassium-argon dating.
Common methods of dating include argon-argon dating.
Common methods of dating include uranium-thorium dating.
These methods are used for a variety of applications.
Dating of lava layers can provide absolute age data for sedimentary rock units.
Dating of volcanic ash layers can provide absolute age data for sedimentary rock units.
Sedimentary rock units may not contain radioactive isotopes.
Dating of lava and volcanic ash layers can calibrate relative dating techniques.
These methods can be used to determine ages of pluton emplacement.
Pluton emplacement refers to the process of magma being injected into pre-existing rock.
Thermochemical techniques can be used to determine temperature profiles within the crust.
Thermochemical techniques can be used to determine the uplift of mountain ranges.
Thermochemical techniques can be used to determine paleotopography.
Rock units are placed under horizontal compression.
When rock units are placed under horizontal compression, they shorten.
When rock units are placed under horizontal compression, they become thicker.
Rock units, other than muds, do not significantly change in volume.
The process of accommodating changes in volume is accomplished in two primary ways.
The two primary ways are through faulting.
The two primary ways are through folding.
Brittle deformation can occur in the shallow crust.
Thrust faults form in the shallow crust.
Thrust faults cause deeper rock to move on top of shallower rock.
Deeper rock is often older.
The principle of superposition notes that deeper rock is often older.
Older rocks can move on top of younger rocks as a result of the principle of superposition.
Movement along faults can result in folding.
Folding can occur because the faults are not planar.
Folding can occur because rock layers are dragged along.
Rock layers form drag folds as slip occurs along the fault.
Deeper in the Earth, rocks behave plastically.
Rocks fold instead of faulting when they behave plastically.
These folds can either be those where the material in the center of the fold buckles upwards.
The folds where the material in the center of the fold buckles upwards create antiforms.
These folds can also be those where the material in the center of the fold buckles downwards.
The folds where the material in the center of the fold buckles downwards create synforms.
If the tops of the rock units within the folds remain pointing upwards, the rock units are called anticlines.
If the tops of the rock units within the folds do not remain pointing upwards, the rock units are called synclines.
If some of the units in the fold are facing downward, the structure is called an overturned anticline or syncline.
If all of the rock units are overturned, the rock units are called antiforms.
If the correct up-direction is unknown, the rock units are called synforms.
Antiforms and synforms are the most general terms used for structures when all of the rock units are overturned or the correct up-direction is unknown.
Extension causes the rock units to become longer.
Extension causes the rock units to become thinner.
Normal faulting primarily accomplishes this.
Ductile stretching and thinning also contribute to this.
Normal faults drop rock units.
Normal faults drop rock units that are higher below rock units that are lower.
This typically results in younger units being placed below older units.
Younger units are placed below older units.
Stretching of units can result in their thinning.
There is a location within the Maria Fold and Thrust Belt.
The entire sedimentary sequence of the Grand Canyon can be seen at that location.
The entire sedimentary sequence of the Grand Canyon can be seen over a length of less than a meter.
Rocks at a certain depth can be ductilely stretched.
Rocks at the depth to be ductilely stretched are often metamorphosed.
Stretched rocks can pinch into lenses.
Lenses are known as boudins.
The term 'boudins' comes from the French word for 'sausage'.
Boudins are named because of their visual similarity to sausages.
The addition of new rock units often occurs during deformation.
New rock units can be added depositionally.
New rock units can be added intrusively.
Faulting results in the creation of topographic gradients.
Other deformational processes result in the creation of topographic gradients.
Topographic gradients cause material on the rock unit that is increasing in elevation to be eroded.
Hillslopes cause material on the rock unit that is increasing in elevation to be eroded.
Channels cause material on the rock unit that is increasing in elevation to be eroded.
These sediments are deposited on the rock unit.
The rock unit is going down.
Continual motion along the fault maintains the topographic gradient.
The topographic gradient is maintained in spite of the movement of sediment.
Continual motion along the fault continues to create accommodation space.
Accommodation space is created for the material to deposit.
Deformational events are often associated with volcanism.
Deformational events are often associated with igneous activity.
Volcanic ashes accumulate on the surface.
Lavas accumulate on the surface.
Igneous intrusions enter from below.
Dikes are long, planar igneous intrusions.
Dikes enter along cracks.
Dikes often form in large numbers in areas that are being actively deformed.
The emplacement of dike swarms can occur as a result of certain geological processes.
Dike swarms are observable across the Canadian Shield.
Rings of dikes can form around the lava tube of a volcano.
All of these processes do not necessarily occur in a single environment.
All of these processes do not necessarily occur in a single order.
The Hawaiian Islands consist almost entirely of layered basaltic lava flows.
Layered basaltic lava flows are the primary geological feature of the Hawaiian Islands.
The sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental United States contain almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rocks.
The sedimentary sequences of the Grand Canyon in the southwestern United States contain almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rocks.
The stacks of sedimentary rocks in the mid-continental United States have remained in place since Cambrian time.
The stacks of sedimentary rocks in the Grand Canyon have remained in place since Cambrian time.
Other areas are much more geologically complex.
Sedimentary rocks have been metamorphosed in the southwestern United States.
Volcanic rocks have been metamorphosed in the southwestern United States.
Intrusive rocks have been metamorphosed in the southwestern United States.
Sedimentary rocks have been faulted in the southwestern United States.
Volcanic rocks have been faulted in the southwestern United States.
Intrusive rocks have been faulted in the southwestern United States.
Sedimentary rocks have been foliated in the southwestern United States.
Volcanic rocks have been foliated in the southwestern United States.
Intrusive rocks have been foliated in the southwestern United States.
Sedimentary rocks have been folded in the southwestern United States.
Volcanic rocks have been folded in the southwestern United States.
Intrusive rocks have been folded in the southwestern United States.
Even older rocks exist, such as the Acasta gneiss.
The Acasta gneiss is located in the Slave craton in northwestern Canada.
The Acasta gneiss is the oldest known rock in the world.
The Acasta gneiss has been metamorphosed to the point where its origin is undiscernable without laboratory analysis.
These processes can occur in stages.
In many places, the lower rock units were metamorphosed and deformed.
The Grand Canyon is a very visible example of this phenomenon.
Deformation ended after the lower rock units were metamorphosed and deformed.
The upper, undeformed units were deposited after the deformation ended.
Any amount of rock emplacement can occur.
Any amount of rock deformation can occur.
Rock emplacement can occur any number of times.
Rock deformation can occur any number of times.
The concepts of rock emplacement and rock deformation provide a guide to understanding the geological history of an area.
Geologists use a number of methods to decipher Earth history.
Geologists use field methods to decipher Earth history.
Geologists use laboratory methods to decipher Earth history.
Geologists use numerical modeling methods to decipher Earth history.
Geologists use methods to understand the processes that occur on and inside the Earth.
In typical geological investigations, geologists use primary information related to petrology.
Petrology is the study of rocks.
In typical geological investigations, geologists use primary information related to stratigraphy.
Stratigraphy is the study of sedimentary layers.
In typical geological investigations, geologists use primary information related to structural geology.
Structural geology is the study of positions of rock units and their deformation.
In many cases, geologists study modern soils.
In many cases, geologists study modern rivers.
In many cases, geologists study modern landscapes.
In many cases, geologists study modern glaciers.
Geologists investigate past life.
Geologists investigate current life.
Geologists investigate biogeochemical pathways.
Geologists use geophysical methods to investigate the subsurface.
Petrologists identify rocks in the field.
Petrologists identify rock samples in the laboratory.
Two of the primary methods for identifying rocks in the laboratory are optical microscopy.
Two of the primary methods for identifying rocks in the laboratory are using an electron microprobe.
In an optical mineralogy analysis, thin sections of rock samples are analyzed through a petrographic microscope.
The minerals can be identified through their different properties in plane-polarized light.
The minerals can be identified through their different properties in cross-polarized light.
The different properties of the minerals include birefringence.
The different properties of the minerals include pleochroism.
The different properties of the minerals include twinning.
The different properties of the minerals include interference properties with a conoscopic lens.
In the electron microprobe, individual locations are analyzed.
The individual locations are analyzed for their exact chemical compositions.
The individual locations are analyzed for variation in composition within individual crystals.
Stable isotope studies provide insight into the geochemical evolution of rock units.
Radioactive isotope studies provide insight into the geochemical evolution of rock units.
Petrologists can use fluid inclusion data.
Petrologists can perform high temperature and pressure physical experiments.
Fluid inclusion data helps petrologists understand the temperatures at which different mineral phases appear.
Fluid inclusion data helps petrologists understand the pressures at which different mineral phases appear.
High temperature and pressure physical experiments help petrologists understand how different mineral phases change through igneous processes.
High temperature and pressure physical experiments help petrologists understand how different mineral phases change through metamorphic processes.
This research can be extrapolated to the field.
The extrapolation of this research can help understand metamorphic processes.
The extrapolation of this research can help understand the conditions of crystallization of igneous rocks.
This work can help to explain processes that occur within the Earth.
Subduction is a process that occurs within the Earth.
Magma chamber evolution is a process that occurs within the Earth.
Structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples.
Microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples is used to observe the fabric within the rocks.
The fabric within the rocks gives information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks.
They plot measurements of geological structures.
They combine measurements of geological structures.
They plot and combine measurements of geological structures in order to better understand the orientations of faults and folds.
They aim to reconstruct the history of rock deformation in the area.
They perform analog experiments of rock deformation in large settings.
They perform analog experiments of rock deformation in small settings.
They perform numerical experiments of rock deformation in large settings.
They perform numerical experiments of rock deformation in small settings.
Among the most well-known experiments in structural geology are experiments involving orogenic wedges.
Orogenic wedges are zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries.
In the analog versions of these experiments, horizontal layers of sand are pulled along a lower surface.
The pulling of horizontal layers of sand into a back stop results in realistic-looking patterns of faulting.
The pulling of horizontal layers of sand into a back stop results in the growth of a critically tapered orogenic wedge.
In a critically tapered orogenic wedge, all angles remain the same.
Numerical models work in the same way as analog models.
Numerical models are often more sophisticated than analog models.
Numerical models can include patterns of erosion in the mountain belt.
Numerical models can include patterns of uplift in the mountain belt.
The statement helps to show the relationship between erosion and the shape of the mountain range.
Erosion has a relationship with the shape of the mountain range.
These studies can give useful information about pathways for metamorphism.
Pathways for metamorphism can be influenced by pressure.
Pathways for metamorphism can be influenced by temperature.
Pathways for metamorphism can be influenced by space.
Pathways for metamorphism can be influenced by time.
Stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections in the laboratory.
Stratigraphic sections can be returned from the field.
Samples of stratigraphic sections can include those from drill cores.
Stratigraphers analyze data from geophysical surveys.
Geophysical surveys show the locations of stratigraphic units in the subsurface.
Geophysical data can be combined with well logs to produce a better view of the subsurface.
Stratigraphers often use computer programs to combine geophysical data and well logs.
Stratigraphers often use computer programs to produce a better view of the subsurface in three dimensions.
Stratigraphers can use data to reconstruct ancient processes occurring on the surface of the Earth.
Stratigraphers can interpret past environments.
Stratigraphers can locate areas for water extraction.
Stratigraphers can locate areas for coal extraction.
Stratigraphers can locate areas for hydrocarbon extraction.
Biostratigraphers analyze rock samples in the laboratory.
The rock samples are from outcrop.
The rock samples are from drill cores.
Biostratigraphers analyze the fossils found in the rock samples.
These fossils help scientists to date the core.
These fossils help scientists to understand the depositional environment.
The rock units formed in a specific depositional environment.
Geochronologists date rocks within the stratigraphic section.
Geochronologists aim to provide better absolute bounds on the timing of deposition.
Geochronologists aim to provide better absolute bounds on the rates of deposition.
Magnetic stratigraphers look for signs of magnetic reversals.
Magnetic reversals occur in igneous rock units.
Igneous rock units are found within the drill cores.
Other scientists perform stable isotope studies on the rocks.
Stable isotope studies provide information about past climate.
Some modern scholars exist.
Fielding H is an example of a modern scholar.
Garrison is of the opinion that the origin of the science of geology can be traced to Persia.
The tracing of the origin of the science of geology occurred after the Muslim conquests had come to an end.
Abu al-Rayhan al-Biruni was one of the earliest Persian geologists.
Abu al-Rayhan al-Biruni lived from 973 to 1048 CE.
Abu al-Rayhan al-Biruni's works included the earliest writings on the geology of India.
Abu al-Rayhan al-Biruni hypothesized that the Indian subcontinent was once a sea.
Ibn Sina was a Persian scholar.
Ibn Sina is also known as Avicenna.
Ibn Sina lived from 981 to 1037.
Ibn Sina drew from Greek and Indian scientific literature.
Some Greek and Indian scientific literature was not destroyed by the Muslim conquests.
Ibn Sina proposed detailed explanations for the formation of mountains.
Ibn Sina proposed detailed explanations for the origin of earthquakes.
Ibn Sina proposed detailed explanations for other topics central to modern geology.
Ibn Sina's work provided an essential foundation for the later development of the science of geology.
Shen Kuo was a polymath.
Shen Kuo lived from 1031 to 1095.
Shen Kuo formulated a hypothesis for the process of land formation in China.
Shen Kuo based his hypothesis on his observation of fossil animal shells in a geological stratum.
The geological stratum was located in a mountain hundreds of miles from the ocean.
Shen Kuo inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains.
Shen Kuo inferred that the land was formed by deposition of silt.
James Hutton is often viewed as the first modern geologist.
In 1785, a paper entitled Theory of the Earth was presented to the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
The Royal Society of Edinburgh is a scientific society.
The paper entitled Theory of the Earth was presented by an unnamed individual.
In his paper, the author explained his theory about the age of the Earth.
The author theorized that the Earth must be much older than had previously been supposed.
The age of the Earth must be much older to allow enough time for mountains to be eroded.
The age of the Earth must be much older to allow enough time for sediments to form new rocks at the bottom of the sea.
The new rocks at the bottom of the sea were raised up to become dry land.
Hutton published a two-volume version of his ideas in 1795.
The version of Hutton's ideas was a two-volume version.
1 is a number.
Vol is an abbreviation.
It seems that the input is incomplete or missing.
Please provide the content you would like to decompose, and I will be happy to assist you.
The first geological map was created.
The first geological map was of the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The item was produced in 1809.
William Maclure was the producer of the item.
In 1807, William Maclure commenced a self-imposed task.
The self-imposed task was to make a geological survey of the United States.
Almost every state in the Union was traversed by the unnamed individual.
Almost every state in the Union was mapped by the unnamed individual.
The Allegheny Mountains were crossed by the unnamed individual some 50 times.
The Allegheny Mountains were recrossed by the unnamed individual some 50 times.
The results of his unaided labours were submitted to the American Philosophical Society.
The submission was in a memoir entitled Observations on the Geology of the United States explanatory of a Geological Map.
The memoir was published in the American Philosophical Society's Transactions.
The publication included the nation's first geological map.
The event antedates William Smith's geological map of England by six years.
William Smith's geological map of England was constructed using a different classification of rocks.
Sir Charles Lyell first published his famous book.
The title of Sir Charles Lyell's famous book is Principles of Geology.
Sir Charles Lyell published Principles of Geology in 1830.
This book influenced the thought of Charles Darwin.
This book successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism.
This theory states that slow geological processes have occurred throughout the Earth's history.
Slow geological processes are still occurring today.
Catastrophism is a theory.
Catastrophism states that Earth's features formed in single, catastrophic events.
Catastrophism states that Earth's features remained unchanged thereafter.
Hutton believed in uniformitarianism.
The idea of uniformitarianism was not widely accepted at the time.
The word pharmacy is derived from its root word pharma.
The term pharma was used since the 15th–17th centuries.
The original Greek roots from pharmakos imply sorcery.
The original Greek roots from pharmakos imply poison.
The pharma had responsibilities related to pharmaceuticals.
The pharma offered general medical advice.
The pharma offered a range of services.
The range of services that the pharma offered are now performed solely by other specialist practitioners.
Surgery is a service that is now performed solely by other specialist practitioners.
Midwifery is a service that is now performed solely by other specialist practitioners.
The pharma was referred to as 'the pharma'.
The pharma often operated through a retail shop.
The retail shop sold ingredients for medicines.
The retail shop sold tobacco.
The retail shop sold patent medicines.
The place that prepared medicines was often called an apothecary.
Several languages have the term apothecary as the dominant term.
The practices of apothecaries are more akin to a modern pharmacy.
In English, the term apothecary would today be seen as outdated.
The term apothecary is only appropriate if herbal remedies are on offer to a large extent.
The pharmas used many other herbs.
The other herbs are not listed.
The Greek word Pharmakeia derives from the Greek word pharmakon.
The Greek word pharmakon means 'drug'.
The Greek word pharmakon means 'medicine'.
The Greek word pharmakon means 'poison'.
Pharmacists are healthcare professionals.
Pharmacists have specialised education and training.
Pharmacists perform various roles.
Pharmacists ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients.
Pharmacists ensure optimal health outcomes through the quality use of medicines.
Pharmacists may be small-business proprietors.
Pharmacists may own the pharmacy in which they practice.
Pharmacists know about the mode of action of a particular drug.
Pharmacists know about the metabolism of a particular drug.
Pharmacists know about the physiological effects of a particular drug on the human body in great detail.
Pharmacists play an important role in the optimisation of drug treatment for an individual.
A Pharmacy Technician in the UK is considered a health care professional.
A Pharmacy Technician in the UK often does not work under the direct supervision of a pharmacist.
A Pharmacy Technician in the UK may be employed in a hospital pharmacy.
In a hospital pharmacy, a Pharmacy Technician in the UK is supervised and managed by other senior pharmacy technicians.
In the UK, the role of a Pharmacy Technician (PhT) has grown.
Responsibility has been passed on to Pharmacy Technicians to manage the pharmacy department.
Responsibility has been passed on to Pharmacy Technicians to manage specialised areas in pharmacy practice.
The management of the pharmacy department allows pharmacists the time to specialise in their expert field as medication consultants.
Pharmacists spend more time working with patients.
Pharmacists spend more time working in research.
A pharmacy technician once qualified has to register as a professional.
The professional registration must be on the General Pharmaceutical Council register.
The General Pharmaceutical Council is abbreviated as GPhC.
The GPhC is the governing body for pharmacy health care professionals.
The GPhC regulates the practice of pharmacists.
The GPhC regulates the practice of pharmacy technicians.
Diocles of Carystus was a man studying the medicinal properties of plants in Ancient Greece.
Diocles of Carystus lived in the 4th century BC.
Diocles of Carystus was one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants in Ancient Greece.
A person wrote several treatises on a specific topic.
The Greek physician Pedanius Dioscorides is famous for writing a five volume book.
The five volume book was written in his native Greek.
The title of the five volume book is Περί ύλης ιατρικής.
The five volume book was written in the 1st century AD.
The Latin translation De Materia Medica is a work concerning medical substances.
The Latin translation De Materia Medica was used as a basis for many medieval texts.
Many middle eastern scientists built upon the Latin translation De Materia Medica during the Islamic Golden Age.
The title coined the term materia medica.
In Japan, at the end of the Asuka period, the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists were highly respected.
The Asuka period lasted from 538 to 710.
In Japan, during the early Nara period, the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists were highly respected.
The early Nara period lasted from 710 to 794.
The place of pharmacists in society was expressly defined in the Taihō Code.
The Taihō Code was established in 701.
The place of pharmacists in society was re-stated in the Yōrō Code.
The Yōrō Code was established in 718.
Ranked positions in the pre-Heian Imperial court were established.
The organizational structure of the pre-Heian Imperial court remained largely intact until the Meiji Restoration in 1868.
In this highly stable hierarchy, the pharmacists were assigned status superior to all others in health-related fields.
In this highly stable hierarchy, pharmacist assistants were assigned status superior to all others in health-related fields.
The health-related fields include physicians.
The health-related fields include acupuncturists.
In the Imperial household, the pharmacist was ranked above the two personal physicians of the Emperor.
The pharmacist was a member of the Imperial household.
The two personal physicians served the Emperor.
The advances made in the Middle East in botany led to the development of pharmacology in medieval Islam.
The advances made in the Middle East in chemistry led to the development of pharmacology in medieval Islam.
Medicine in medieval Islam substantially developed pharmacology.
Muhammad ibn Zakarīya Rāzi was a historical figure.
Muhammad ibn Zakarīya Rāzi is also known as Rhazes.
Muhammad ibn Zakarīya Rāzi lived from 865 to 915.
Muhammad ibn Zakarīya Rāzi acted to promote the medical uses of chemical compounds.
Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi was a pioneer in the preparation of medicines by sublimation and distillation.
Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi is also known as Abulcasis.
Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi lived from 936 to 1013.
His Liber servitoris is of particular interest.
Liber servitoris provides the reader with recipes.
Liber servitoris explains how to prepare the simples.
Simples are the basic ingredients from which complex drugs were compounded.
Complex drugs were generally used.
Sabur Ibn Sahl died in 869.
Sabur Ibn Sahl was the first physician to initiate pharmacopoedia.
Sabur Ibn Sahl described a large variety of drugs.
Sabur Ibn Sahl described remedies for ailments.
Al-Biruni was a scholar who lived from 973 to 1050.
Al-Biruni wrote one of the most valuable Islamic works on pharmacology.
The title of Al-Biruni's work is Kitab al-Saydalah.
Kitab al-Saydalah translates to The Book of Drugs.
In Kitab al-Saydalah, Al-Biruni detailed the properties of drugs.
In Kitab al-Saydalah, Al-Biruni outlined the role of pharmacy.
In Kitab al-Saydalah, Al-Biruni described the functions and duties of the pharmacist.
Avicenna described no less than 700 preparations.
Avicenna described the properties of the 700 preparations.
Avicenna described the modes of action of the 700 preparations.
Avicenna described the indications of the 700 preparations.
He devoted a whole volume to simple drugs.
The whole volume is titled The Canon of Medicine.
The works by al-Maridini had a great impact.
Al-Maridini was from Baghdad and Cairo.
The works by Ibn al-Wafid had a great impact.
Ibn al-Wafid lived from 1008 to 1074.
The works by al-Maridini and Ibn al-Wafid were printed in Latin more than fifty times.
The works appeared as De Medicinis universalibus et particularibus by 'Mesue' the younger.
The works also appeared as Medicamentis simplicibus by 'Abenguefit'.
Peter of Abano was active from 1250 to 1316.
Peter of Abano translated the work of al-Maridini.
Peter of Abano added a supplement to the work of al-Maridini.
The title of the work translated and supplemented by Peter of Abano is De Veneris.
Al-Muwaffaq made contributions in the field.
Al-Muwaffaq's contributions in the field are pioneering.
He lived in the 10th century.
He wrote a work titled The Foundations of the True Properties of Remedies.
The Foundations of the True Properties of Remedies is one of several works written by him.
He described arsenious oxide in his writings.
He was acquainted with silicic acid.
He made a clear distinction between sodium carbonate and potassium carbonate.
He drew attention to the poisonous nature of copper compounds.
Copper vitriol is a type of copper compound.
He drew attention to the poisonous nature of lead compounds.
He describes the distillation of sea-water for drinking.
The distillation process is used to make sea-water suitable for drinking.
In Europe, there are old pharmacies still operating in Dubrovnik, Croatia.
The old pharmacy in Dubrovnik, Croatia, is located inside the Franciscan monastery.
The Franciscan monastery in Dubrovnik, Croatia, opened in 1317.
In Europe, there is an old pharmacy still operating in the Town Hall Square of Tallinn, Estonia.
The old pharmacy in the Town Hall Square of Tallinn, Estonia, dates from at least 1422.
The oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221.
The Church of Santa Maria Novella is located in Florence, Italy.
The Church of Santa Maria Novella now houses a perfume museum.
The medieval Esteve Pharmacy is located in Llívia.
Llívia is a Catalan enclave close to Puigcerdà.
The medieval Esteve Pharmacy is now a museum.
The medieval Esteve Pharmacy dates back to the 15th century.
The medieval Esteve Pharmacy keeps albarellos from the 16th century.
The medieval Esteve Pharmacy keeps albarellos from the 17th century.
The medieval Esteve Pharmacy keeps old prescription books.
The medieval Esteve Pharmacy keeps antique drugs.
In most countries, the dispensary is subject to pharmacy legislation.
Pharmacy legislation includes requirements for storage conditions.
Pharmacy legislation includes compulsory texts.
Pharmacy legislation includes equipment requirements.
Legislation specifies certain details.
The details are specified in legislation.
Pharmacists once stayed within the dispensary compounding and dispensing medications.
There has been an increasing trend towards the use of trained pharmacy technicians.
The pharmacist spends more time communicating with patients.
Pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation.
Automation assists pharmacy technicians in their new role.
Pharmacy technicians' new role involves dealing with patients' prescriptions.
Pharmacy technicians' new role involves dealing with patient safety issues.
The complexity of medications includes specific indications.
The complexity of medications includes the effectiveness of treatment regimens.
The complexity of medications includes the safety of medications.
Many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school.
Pharmacists practicing in hospitals often complete a pharmacy practice residency.
Pharmacists practicing in hospitals sometimes follow the pharmacy practice residency with another residency in a specific area.
Drug interactions are a concern for pharmacists practicing in hospitals.
Patient compliance issues occur in the hospital.
Patient compliance issues occur at home.
Those pharmacists are often referred to as clinical pharmacists.
Clinical pharmacists often specialize in various disciplines of pharmacy.
There are pharmacists who specialize in hematology/oncology.
There are pharmacists who specialize in HIV/AIDS.
There are pharmacists who specialize in infectious disease.
There are pharmacists who specialize in critical care.
There are pharmacists who specialize in emergency medicine.
There are pharmacists who specialize in toxicology.
There are pharmacists who specialize in nuclear pharmacy.
There are pharmacists who specialize in pain management.
There are pharmacists who specialize in psychiatry.
There are pharmacists who specialize in anti-coagulation clinics.
There are pharmacists who specialize in herbal medicine.
There are pharmacists who specialize in neurology/epilepsy management.
There are pharmacists who specialize in pediatrics.
There are pharmacists who specialize in neonatal pharmacy.
Hospital pharmacies can often be found within the premises of hospitals.
Hospital pharmacies usually stock a larger range of medications.
Hospital pharmacies include more specialized medications.
The range of medications stocked by hospital pharmacies is larger than what would be feasible in the community setting.
Most hospital medications are unit-dose.
A unit-dose is a single dose of medicine.
Hospital pharmacists compound sterile products for patients.
Trained pharmacy technicians compound sterile products for patients.
Total parenteral nutrition (TPN) is a type of sterile product compounded for patients.
Other medications given intravenously are types of sterile products compounded for patients.
The process is complex.
The process requires adequate training of personnel.
The process requires quality assurance of products.
The process requires adequate facilities.
Several hospital pharmacies have decided to outsource high risk preparations.
Several hospital pharmacies have decided to outsource some other compounding functions.
Several hospital pharmacies have decided to outsource to companies who specialize in compounding.
The high cost of medications is a significant factor.
The high cost of drug-related technology is a significant factor.
The potential impact of medications on patient-care outcomes is a significant factor.
The potential impact of pharmacy services on patient-care outcomes is a significant factor.
The potential impact of medications on patient safety is a significant factor.
The potential impact of pharmacy services on patient safety is a significant factor.
The combination of the high cost of medications, the high cost of drug-related technology, and the potential impacts of medications and pharmacy services on patient-care outcomes and patient safety makes it imperative for hospital pharmacies to perform at the highest level possible.
Pharmacists provide direct patient care services.
Pharmacists optimize the use of medication.
Pharmacists promote health.
Pharmacists promote wellness.
Pharmacists promote disease prevention.
Clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings.
The clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals.
The clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside clinics.
Clinical pharmacists often collaborate with physicians.
Clinical pharmacists often collaborate with other healthcare professionals.
Clinical pharmacists collaborate with physicians and other healthcare professionals to improve pharmaceutical care.
Clinical pharmacists are now an integral part of the interdisciplinary approach to patient care.
They often participate in patient care rounds.
They often participate in drug product selection.
The clinical pharmacist's role involves creating a comprehensive drug therapy plan for patient-specific problems.
The clinical pharmacist's role involves identifying goals of therapy.
The clinical pharmacist's role involves reviewing all prescribed medications prior to dispensing to the patient.
The clinical pharmacist's role involves reviewing all prescribed medications prior to administration to the patient.
The review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of drug therapy.
Drug choice refers to the selection of a specific medication for treatment.
Dose refers to the amount of medication administered to a patient.
Route refers to the method by which the medication is delivered to the patient.
Frequency refers to how often the medication is administered to the patient.
Duration of therapy refers to the length of time the medication is prescribed to the patient.
Efficacy refers to the ability of the medication to produce the desired therapeutic effect.
The pharmacist must monitor for potential drug interactions.
The pharmacist must monitor for adverse drug reactions.
The pharmacist must assess patient drug allergies.
The pharmacist must design a drug therapy plan.
The pharmacist must initiate a drug therapy plan.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The federal health care system includes the VA.
The federal health care system includes the Indian Health Service.
The federal health care system includes the NIH.
Ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority within the federal health care system.
In some states, pharmacist clinicians are given collaborative prescriptive and diagnostic authority.
North Carolina is one of the states where pharmacist clinicians are given collaborative prescriptive and diagnostic authority.
New Mexico is another state where pharmacist clinicians are given collaborative prescriptive and diagnostic authority.
In 2011, the board of Pharmaceutical Specialties approved ambulatory care pharmacy practice as a separate board certification.
The official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam is Board Certified Ambulatory Care Pharmacist.
Pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam will carry the initials BCACP.
Consultant pharmacy practice focuses on medication regimen review.
Cognitive services are a type of service.
Cognitive services are focused on providing support rather than on actual dispensing of drugs.
The actual dispensing of drugs is a different type of service.
Consultant pharmacists most typically work in nursing homes.
Consultant pharmacists are increasingly branching into other institutions.
Consultant pharmacists are increasingly branching into non-institutional settings.
Traditionally, consultant pharmacists were usually independent business owners.
In the United States, many consultant pharmacists now work for several large pharmacy management companies.
The large pharmacy management companies include Omnicare.
The large pharmacy management companies include Kindred Healthcare.
The large pharmacy management companies include PharMerica.
The trend may be gradually reversing.
Consultant pharmacists are beginning to work directly with patients.
Many elderly people are now taking numerous medications.
Many elderly people continue to live outside of institutional settings.
Some community pharmacies employ consultant pharmacists.
Some community pharmacies provide consulting services.
Since about the year 2000, a growing number of Internet pharmacies have been established worldwide.
Many pharmacies are similar to community pharmacies.
Many pharmacies are operated by brick-and-mortar community pharmacies.
Brick-and-mortar community pharmacies serve consumers online.
Brick-and-mortar community pharmacies serve consumers who walk in their door.
The primary difference is the method by which the medications are requested.
The primary difference is the method by which the medications are received.
Some customers consider a method to be more convenient and private.
The method is considered more convenient and private rather than traveling to a community drugstore.
Traveling to a community drugstore might result in another customer overhearing about the drugs that the customers take.
Internet pharmacies are also known as online pharmacies.
Internet pharmacies are recommended to some patients by their physicians.
Some patients are homebound.
Most Internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs.
Most Internet pharmacies require a valid prescription.
Some Internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs without requiring a prescription.
Many customers order drugs from pharmacies.
Customers order drugs from pharmacies to avoid the inconvenience of visiting a doctor.
Customers order drugs from pharmacies to obtain medications.
Doctors were unwilling to prescribe certain medications.
The practice has been criticized as potentially dangerous.
The criticism comes especially from individuals who feel that only doctors can reliably assess contraindications.
The criticism comes especially from individuals who feel that only doctors can reliably assess risk/benefit ratios.
The criticism comes especially from individuals who feel that only doctors can reliably assess an individual's overall suitability for use of a medication.
There have been reports of pharmacies dispensing substandard products.
The pharmacies are described as dispensing substandard products.
Of particular concern with Internet pharmacies is the ease with which people can obtain controlled substances.
Youth are particularly able to obtain controlled substances through Internet pharmacies.
Vicodin is generically known as hydrocodone.
Vicodin can be obtained via the Internet.
Vicodin should not be obtained without a prescription.
A prescription should be issued by a doctor or practitioner.
The doctor or practitioner must have an established doctor-patient relationship.
There are many instances where a practitioner issues a prescription for a controlled substance.
The prescription is brokered by an Internet server.
The practitioner has never met the patient.
In the United States, a prescription for a controlled substance must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose.
A prescription for a controlled substance must be issued by a licensed practitioner.
The licensed practitioner must be acting in the course of a legitimate doctor-patient relationship.
The filling pharmacy has a corresponding responsibility.
The filling pharmacy's responsibility is to ensure that the prescription is valid.
Individual state laws often outline what defines a valid patient-doctor relationship.
In the United States, there has been a push to legalize the importation of medications from Canada.
In the United States, there has been a push to legalize the importation of medications from other countries.
The purpose of the push to legalize the importation of medications is to reduce consumer costs.
In most cases, the importation of prescription medications violates Food and Drug Administration regulations.
In most cases, the importation of prescription medications violates federal laws.
Enforcement of regulations is generally targeted at international drug suppliers.
Enforcement of regulations is not generally targeted at consumers.
There is no known case of any U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Citizens are buying Canadian drugs for personal use with a prescription.
Citizens who have ever been charged by authorities are included in this group.
Pharmacy informatics is a field.
Pharmacy informatics is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science.
Pharmacy practice science is a component of pharmacy informatics.
Applied information science is a component of pharmacy informatics.
Pharmacy informaticists work in many practice areas of pharmacy.
Pharmacy informaticists may also work in information technology departments.
Pharmacy informaticists may work for healthcare information technology vendor companies.
Pharmacy informatics is a practice area and specialist domain.
Pharmacy informatics is growing quickly.
Pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national patient information projects.
Pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major international patient information projects.
Pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the health system interoperability goals.
Pharmacists in this area are trained to participate in medication management system development.
Pharmacists in this area are trained to participate in medication management system deployment.
Pharmacists in this area are trained to participate in medication management system optimization.
Specialty pharmacies supply high cost injectable medications.
Specialty pharmacies supply high cost oral medications.
Specialty pharmacies supply high cost infused medications.
Specialty pharmacies supply high cost inhaled medications.
High cost injectable, oral, infused, or inhaled medications are used for chronic disease states.
High cost injectable, oral, infused, or inhaled medications are used for complex disease states.
Cancer is a chronic and complex disease state.
Hepatitis is a chronic and complex disease state.
Rheumatoid arthritis is a chronic and complex disease state.
A traditional community pharmacy allows prescriptions for any common medication to be brought in and filled.
Specialty pharmacies carry novel medications.
Novel medications need to be properly stored.
Novel medications need to be administered.
Novel medications need to be carefully monitored.
Novel medications need to be clinically managed.
Specialty pharmacies supply drugs.
Specialty pharmacies provide lab monitoring.
Specialty pharmacies provide adherence counseling.
Specialty pharmacies assist patients with cost-containment strategies.
Cost-containment strategies are needed to obtain expensive specialty drugs.
The pharmaceutical industry has a sector that is currently the fastest growing.
In 2013, 19 of 28 newly FDA approved medications were specialty drugs.
In most jurisdictions, pharmacists are regulated separately from physicians.
The United States is an example of a jurisdiction.
These jurisdictions usually specify that only pharmacists may supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public.
Pharmacists cannot form business partnerships with physicians.
Pharmacists cannot give physicians kickback payments.
The American Medical Association Code of Ethics provides guidelines for physicians.
Physicians may dispense drugs within their office practices according to the American Medical Association Code of Ethics.
There must be no patient exploitation when physicians dispense drugs within their office practices.
Patients have the right to a written prescription.
Patients can have their written prescription filled elsewhere.
7 to 10 percent of American physicians reportedly dispense drugs on their own.
The practices of American physicians include dispensing drugs.
In some rural areas in the United Kingdom, there are dispensing physicians.
Dispensing physicians are allowed to prescribe prescription-only medicines.
Dispensing physicians are allowed to dispense prescription-only medicines.
Dispensing physicians dispense prescription-only medicines to their patients from within their practices.
The law requires that the GP practice be located in a designated rural area.
The law requires that there is a specified minimum distance.
The current specified minimum distance is 1.
The distance between a patient's home and the nearest retail pharmacy is 6 kilometres.
This law exists in Austria for general physicians.
The law applies if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away.
The law applies where no pharmacy is registered in the city.
The reason for the majority rule is the high risk of a conflict of interest.
The reason for the majority rule is the avoidance of absolute powers.
The physician has a financial self-interest in diagnosing as many conditions as possible.
The physician has a financial self-interest in exaggerating the seriousness of conditions.
The physician can sell more medications to the patient if more conditions are diagnosed.
The physician can sell more medications to the patient if the seriousness of conditions is exaggerated.
Such self-interest directly conflicts with the patient's interest in obtaining cost-effective medication.
The patient has an interest in avoiding the unnecessary use of medication.
The unnecessary use of medication may have side-effects.
This system reflects much similarity to the checks and balances system of the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Many governments exist.
In the coming decades, pharmacists are expected to become more integral within the health care system.
Pharmacists are expected to dispense medication.
Pharmacists are increasingly expected to be compensated for their patient care skills.
Medication Therapy Management (MTM) includes clinical services.
Pharmacists can provide clinical services for their patients.
Such services include the thorough analysis of all medication currently being taken by an individual.
The medication includes prescription medication.
The medication includes non-prescription medication.
The medication includes herbal medication.
The result is a reconciliation of medication and patient education.
The reconciliation of medication and patient education results in increased patient health outcomes.
The reconciliation of medication and patient education results in decreased costs to the health care system.
The shift has already commenced in some countries.
Pharmacists in Australia receive remuneration from the Australian Government.
Pharmacists in Australia conduct comprehensive Home Medicines Reviews.
In Canada, pharmacists in certain provinces have limited prescribing rights.
Alberta is one of the provinces in Canada where pharmacists have limited prescribing rights.
British Columbia is another province in Canada where pharmacists have limited prescribing rights.
Pharmacists in certain provinces are remunerated by their provincial government for expanded services.
Expanded services include medication reviews.
Medschecks is a program for medication reviews in Ontario.
In the United Kingdom, pharmacists are obtaining prescribing rights.
Pharmacists who undertake additional training are obtaining prescribing rights.
Pharmacy education is the reason for pharmacists obtaining prescribing rights.
The government is paying for medicine use reviews.
The government is also paying for them.
In Scotland, a pharmacist can write prescriptions for Scottish registered patients.
The prescriptions are for the regular medications of Scottish registered patients.
The majority of drugs can be prescribed by pharmacists in Scotland.
Controlled drugs cannot be prescribed by pharmacists in Scotland.
A pharmacist can write prescriptions when the patient is unable to see their doctor.
A patient may be unable to see their doctor if they are away from home.
A patient may be unable to see their doctor if the doctor is unavailable.
Pharmaceutical care has had an evolving influence on the practice of pharmacy in the United States.
Clinical pharmacy has had an evolving influence on the practice of pharmacy in the United States.
The Doctor of Pharmacy is a professional degree.
A degree is now required before entering practice.
Some pharmacists now complete one or two years of residency training following graduation.
Some pharmacists now complete one or two years of fellowship training following graduation.
Consultant pharmacists traditionally operated primarily in nursing homes.
Consultant pharmacists are now expanding into direct consultation with patients.
The expansion of consultant pharmacists into direct consultation with patients is under the banner of 'senior care pharmacy.'
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
The two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English-speaking countries are the mortar and pestle.
The two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English-speaking countries are the ℞ (recipere) character.
The ℞ (recipere) character is often written as 'Rx' in typed text.
The show globe was used until the early 20th century.
The early 20th century is the time period until which the show globe was used.
Pharmacy organizations often use symbols in their logos.
The Bowl of Hygieia is a symbol that is often used in the Netherlands.
Conical measures are symbols that are used by pharmacy organizations.
Caduceuses are symbols that are used by pharmacy organizations.
Other symbols are common in different countries.
The green Greek cross is a symbol in France.
The green Greek cross is a symbol in Argentina.
The green Greek cross is a symbol in the United Kingdom.
The green Greek cross is a symbol in Belgium.
The green Greek cross is a symbol in Ireland.
The green Greek cross is a symbol in Italy.
The green Greek cross is a symbol in Spain.
The green Greek cross is a symbol in India.
The Gaper is an increasingly rare symbol in the Netherlands.
A red stylized letter A is a symbol in Germany.
A red stylized letter A is a symbol in Austria.
The red stylized letter A comes from the word Apotheke.
Apotheke is the German word for pharmacy.
The word Apotheke comes from the same Greek root as the English word 'apothecary'.
One of the earliest massive implementations was brought about by Egyptians against the British occupation in the 1919 Revolution.
The 1919 Revolution involved Egyptians opposing the British occupation.
Civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against unfair laws.
People deem certain laws to be unfair.
Nonviolent resistance has been used in many movements.
Nonviolent resistance has been used in India.
Gandhi's campaigns for independence from the British Empire were a nonviolent resistance movement in India.
Nonviolent resistance has been used in Czechoslovakia's Velvet Revolution.
Czechoslovakia's Velvet Revolution was a nonviolent resistance movement to oust the communist government.
Nonviolent resistance has been used in East Germany.
Nonviolent resistance was used in East Germany to oust the communist government.
Nonviolent resistance has been used in South Africa.
Nonviolent resistance was used in South Africa in the fight against apartheid.
Nonviolent resistance has been used in the American Civil Rights Movement.
Nonviolent resistance has been used in the Singing Revolution.
The Singing Revolution was a nonviolent resistance movement to bring independence to the Baltic countries from the Soviet Union.
Nonviolent resistance was recently used in the 2003 Rose Revolution in Georgia.
Nonviolent resistance was recently used in the 2004 Orange Revolution in Ukraine.
Nonviolent resistance has been used in various movements worldwide.
One of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in Sophocles' play Antigone.
Antigone is one of the daughters of former King of Thebes, Oedipus.
Antigone defies Creon.
Creon is the current King of Thebes.
Creon is trying to stop Antigone from giving her brother Polynices a proper burial.
She gives a stirring speech.
In the stirring speech, she tells him that she must obey her conscience rather than human law.
She must obey her conscience.
She must obey her conscience rather than human law.
She is not at all afraid of the death that he threatens her with.
He eventually carries out the death that he threatens her with.
She is afraid of how her conscience will smite her.
Her conscience will smite her if she does not do this.
Following the Peterloo massacre of 1819, poet Percy Shelley wrote the political poem The Mask of Anarchy later that year.
The Mask of Anarchy begins with the images of what Percy Shelley thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time.
The Mask of Anarchy then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action.
The statement is perhaps the first modern statement of the principle of nonviolent protest.
A version was taken up by the author Henry David Thoreau in his essay Civil Disobedience.
Henry David Thoreau was the author of the essay Civil Disobedience.
A version was later taken up by Gandhi in his doctrine of Satyagraha.
Gandhi was the proponent of the doctrine of Satyagraha.
Gandhi's Satyagraha was influenced by Shelley's nonviolence in protest and political action.
Gandhi's Satyagraha was partially inspired by Shelley's nonviolence in protest and political action.
Gandhi is known to have often quoted Shelley's Masque of Anarchy.
Gandhi quoted Shelley's Masque of Anarchy to vast audiences.
Gandhi quoted Shelley's Masque of Anarchy during the campaign for a free India.
The term 'civil disobedience' has always suffered from ambiguity.
In modern times, the term 'civil disobedience' has become utterly debased.
Marshall Cohen notes a statement about a certain term.
The term has been used to describe bringing a test-case in the federal courts.
The term has been used to describe taking aim at a federal official.
For Vice President Spiro Agnew, the term has become a code-word.
The code-word describes the activities of muggers.
The code-word describes the activities of arsonists.
The code-word describes the activities of draft evaders.
The code-word describes the activities of campaign hecklers.
The code-word describes the activities of campus militants.
The code-word describes the activities of anti-war demonstrators.
The code-word describes the activities of juvenile delinquents.
The code-word describes the activities of political assassins.
It seems that your input was cut off.
Please provide the complete content you would like me to decompose, and I will be happy to assist you!
LeGrande writes a statement about the difficulty of formulating a single all-encompassing definition of the term.
The formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult.
The formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is possibly impossible.
The student of civil disobedience reviews the voluminous literature on the subject.
The student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems.
The student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by grammatical niceties.
He often finds that specific terminology has no more meaning than the individual orator intends it to have.
He often finds that specific terminology has no less meaning than the individual orator intends it to have.
The comparison is made to Alice in Wonderland.
He encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration and nonviolent civil disobedience.
He encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration and violent civil disobedience.
He encourages a distinction between nonviolent civil disobedience and violent civil disobedience.
Civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen's relation to the state.
Civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen's relation to the laws of the state.
Civil disobedience is distinguished from a constitutional impasse.
A constitutional impasse occurs when two public agencies conflict.
Two public agencies may include two equally sovereign branches of government.
If the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country's highest court, it would not be civil disobedience.
The head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as a public official.
The head of government would not be acting as a private citizen.
The definition is disputed by Thoreau's political philosophy.
Thoreau's political philosophy pitches the conscience against something.
The term 'the collective' refers to a group of individuals or entities that are united for a common purpose or goal.
The individual is the final judge of right.
The individual is the final judge of wrong.
Only individuals act.
Only individuals can act unjustly.
When the government knocks on the door, the government is performing an action.
An individual in the form of a postman or tax collector is knocking on the door.
The individual whose hand hits the wood is either a postman or a tax collector.
Before Henry David Thoreau's imprisonment, a confused taxman wondered aloud about how to handle Henry David Thoreau's refusal to pay.
Henry David Thoreau advised the confused taxman to resign.
If a man chose to be an agent of injustice, then Thoreau insisted on confronting the man with the fact.
Thoreau insisted that the man was making a choice.
Government is often called 'the voice of the people.'
If government is 'the voice of the people,' then that voice should be heeded.
Henry David Thoreau admits that government may express the will of the majority.
Henry David Thoreau also admits that government may express nothing more than the will of elite politicians.
Even a good form of government is liable to be abused.
Even a good form of government is liable to be perverted.
The abuse and perversion of a good form of government can occur before the people can act through it.
A government may express the voice of the people.
The fact that a government expresses the voice of the people does not compel the obedience of individuals.
Some individuals may disagree with what is being said by the government.
The majority may be powerful.
The majority is not necessarily right.
The question asks about the proper relationship between the individual and the government.
Some theories of civil disobedience hold a specific view.
The specific view is that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities.
Brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies can be justified.
Non-governmental agencies include trade unions, banks, and private universities.
Disobedience can be justified if it reflects a larger challenge to the legal system.
The legal system permits the decisions of non-governmental agencies to be taken.
The same principle applies to breaches of law in protest against international organizations.
The same principle applies to breaches of law in protest against foreign governments.
She argues that the same principle applies.
Lawbreaking is usually recognized as an act.
Lawbreaking, if it is not done publicly, must be publicly announced.
Public announcement is necessary for lawbreaking to constitute civil disobedience.
Stephen Eilmann argues that it is necessary to disobey rules that conflict with morality.
Stephen Eilmann raises a question about the form of disobedience.
The question raised by Stephen Eilmann is why disobedience should take the form of public civil disobedience.
The question raised by Stephen Eilmann is why disobedience should not take the form of simply covert lawbreaking.
A lawyer may wish to help a client overcome legal obstacles to securing the client's natural rights.
The lawyer might find that assisting in fabricating evidence is more effective than open disobedience.
The lawyer might find that committing perjury is more effective than open disobedience.
The statement assumes that common morality does not have a prohibition on deceit in certain situations.
The Fully Informed Jury Association has a publication titled 'A Primer for Prospective Jurors'.
The publication 'A Primer for Prospective Jurors' notes a dilemma faced by German citizens.
The dilemma faced by German citizens involved Hitler's secret police.
Hitler's secret police demanded to know if German citizens were hiding a Jew in their house.
By this definition, civil disobedience could be traced back to the Book of Exodus.
Shiphrah and Puah refused a direct order of Pharaoh.
Shiphrah and Puah misrepresented how they refused the direct order of Pharaoh.
Exodus 1:15-19 is a passage from the Bible.
The king of Egypt spoke to the Hebrew midwives.
The names of the Hebrew midwives were Shiphrah and Puah.
The king of Egypt instructed the Hebrew midwives.
The king of Egypt commanded the Hebrew midwives to kill the male children at birth.
The king of Egypt commanded the Hebrew midwives to let the female children live.
The Hebrew midwives feared God.
The Hebrew midwives did not follow the king of Egypt's command.
The Hebrew midwives let the male children live.
The king of Egypt called for the Hebrew midwives.
The king of Egypt asked the Hebrew midwives why they had done this.
The Hebrew midwives responded to the king of Egypt.
The Hebrew midwives explained that Hebrew women are vigorous.
The Hebrew women give birth before the midwives arrive.
There have been debates about civil disobedience.
The debates concern whether civil disobedience must necessarily be non-violent.
Black's Law Dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience.
Black's Law Dictionary is a legal dictionary.
Christian Bay is the author of an encyclopedia article.
Christian Bay's encyclopedia article states that civil disobedience requires carefully chosen and legitimate means.
Christian Bay holds that the means of civil disobedience do not have to be non-violent.
It has been argued that civil disobedience is justified by appeal to constitutional defects.
It has been argued that civil rebellion is justified by appeal to constitutional defects.
Civil rebellion is much more destructive than civil disobedience.
The defects justifying civil rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying civil disobedience.
If one cannot justify civil rebellion, then one cannot justify a civil disobedient's use of force and violence.
If one cannot justify civil rebellion, then one cannot justify a civil disobedient's refusal to submit to arrest.
Civil disobedients refrain from violence.
Refraining from violence is said to help preserve society's tolerance of civil disobedience.
Non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws.
Non-revolutionary civil disobedience occurs on the grounds that laws are judged 'wrong' by an individual conscience.
Non-revolutionary civil disobedience can be part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective.
Non-revolutionary civil disobedience can be part of an effort to cause the repeal of certain laws.
Non-revolutionary civil disobedience can be part of an effort to exert pressure to get one's political wishes on some other issue.
Revolutionary civil disobedience is an active attempt to overthrow a government.
Revolutionary civil disobedience is an active attempt to change cultural traditions.
Revolutionary civil disobedience is an active attempt to change social customs.
Revolutionary civil disobedience is an active attempt to change religious beliefs.
Revolution doesn't have to be political.
The term 'cultural revolution' implies sweeping and widespread change.
The change affects a section of the social fabric.
Gandhi's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience.
It has been claimed that the Hungarians directed revolutionary civil disobedience against the Austrian government.
Ferenc Deák was a leader of the Hungarians.
Thoreau wrote of civil disobedience.
Thoreau described civil disobedience as accomplishing a peaceable revolution.
Howard Zinn has identified the right espoused in The Declaration of Independence to 'alter or abolish' an unjust government as a principle of civil disobedience.
Harvey Wheeler has identified the right espoused in The Declaration of Independence to 'alter or abolish' an unjust government as a principle of civil disobedience.
Others have identified the right espoused in The Declaration of Independence to 'alter or abolish' an unjust government as a principle of civil disobedience.
It seems that the content you would like me to decompose is missing.
Please provide the text or content you want me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
The earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the Roman Empire.
The incidents of collective civil disobedience are recorded.
Unarmed Jews gathered in the streets.
Unarmed Jews gathered to prevent the installation of pagan images in the Temple in Jerusalem.
The installation of pagan images was intended for the Temple in Jerusalem.
In modern times, some activists commit civil disobedience as a group.
The activists collectively refuse to sign bail until certain demands are met.
Certain demands include favorable bail conditions.
Certain demands include the release of all the activists.
This is a form of jail solidarity.
There have been many instances of solitary civil disobedience.
Thoreau committed an instance of solitary civil disobedience.
Instances of solitary civil disobedience sometimes go unnoticed.
Thoreau was not yet a well-known author at the time of his arrest.
Thoreau's arrest was not covered in any newspapers in the days after it happened.
Thoreau's arrest was not covered in any newspapers in the weeks after it happened.
Thoreau's arrest was not covered in any newspapers in the months after it happened.
The tax collector who arrested Henry David Thoreau rose to higher political office.
Thoreau's essay was not published until after the end of the Mexican War.
Civil disobedients have chosen a variety of different illegal acts.
Bedau writes a statement about a class of acts.
The class of acts is undertaken in the name of civil disobedience.
Even if the acts were widely practiced, they would constitute hardly more than a nuisance.
Trespassing occurred at a nuclear-missile installation.
Such acts are often just harassment.
Such acts are somewhat inane to the bystander.
The connection between the disobedient act and the objectionable law is remote.
The remoteness of the connection lays disobedient acts open to the charge of ineffectiveness.
The remoteness of the connection lays disobedient acts open to the charge of absurdity.
Bedau notes that the harmlessness of entirely symbolic illegal protests may serve a propaganda purpose.
The protests are directed toward public policy goals.
Some civil disobedients engage in acts of civil disobedience.
The proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries are civil disobedients.
Voice in the Wilderness is a civil disobedient organization.
Voice in the Wilderness brought medicine to Iraq.
Voice in the Wilderness brought medicine to Iraq without the permission of the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The government can directly achieve a desired social goal.
An example of a desired social goal is the provision of medication to the sick.
The government can achieve a desired social goal while openly breaking the law.
Julia Butterfly Hill lived in Luna.
Luna is a 180-foot tall California Redwood tree.
Luna is 55 meters tall.
Luna is a 600-year-old California Redwood tree.
Julia Butterfly Hill lived in Luna for 738 days.
Julia Butterfly Hill successfully prevented Luna from being cut down.
In cases where the criminalized behavior is pure speech, civil disobedience can consist of engaging in the forbidden speech.
An example would be WBAI broadcasting the track 'Filthy Words' from a George Carlin comedy album.
The track 'Filthy Words' is from a George Carlin comedy album.
The broadcasting of the track 'Filthy Words' eventually led to the 1978 Supreme Court case of FCC v.
Pacifica Foundation is an organization.
Threatening government officials is a classic way of expressing defiance toward the government.
Threatening government officials indicates an unwillingness to stand for the government's policies.
Joseph Haas was arrested.
Joseph Haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the Lebanon, New Hampshire city councilors.
The email sent by Joseph Haas stated, 'Wise up or die.'
Lebanon is a city in New Hampshire.
It seems that your message was cut off.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose, and I will be happy to assist you!
Some forms of civil disobedience make it more difficult for a system to function.
Illegal boycotts are a form of civil disobedience.
Refusals to pay taxes are a form of civil disobedience.
Draft dodging is a form of civil disobedience.
Distributed denial-of-service attacks are a form of civil disobedience.
Sit-ins are a form of civil disobedience.
The actions might be considered coercive.
Brownlee notes a statement about civil disobedients.
Civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue.
Civil disobedients may find it necessary to employ limited coercion.
Civil disobedients may employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table.
The Plowshares organization temporarily closed GCSB Waihopai.
The Plowshares organization padlocked the gates of GCSB Waihopai.
The Plowshares organization used sickles to deflate one of the large domes covering two satellite dishes.
The large domes cover two satellite dishes.
Many of the same decisions apply in other criminal investigations.
Many of the same principles apply in other criminal investigations.
Many of the same decisions arise in civil disobedience cases.
Many of the same principles arise in civil disobedience cases.
The suspect may need to decide whether or not to grant a consent search of his property.
The suspect may need to decide whether or not to talk to police officers.
It is generally agreed within the legal community that a suspect's talking to criminal investigators can serve no useful purpose.
It is often believed within the activist community that a suspect's talking to criminal investigators can serve no useful purpose.
A suspect's talking to criminal investigators may be harmful.
Some civil disobedients have found it hard to resist responding to investigators' questions.
Some civil disobedients find it hard to resist responding to investigators' questions due to a lack of understanding of the legal ramifications.
Some civil disobedients find it hard to resist responding to investigators' questions due to a fear of seeming rude.
Some civil disobedients seek to use the arrest as an opportunity.
Some civil disobedients seek to make an impression on the officers.
Thoreau wrote a statement about his civil neighbor.
The civil neighbor is the tax-gatherer.
Thoreau has to deal with the tax-gatherer.
Thoreau quarreled with men and not with parchment.
The tax-gatherer has voluntarily chosen to be an agent of the government.
He shall never know well that he is an officer of the government.
He shall never know well that he does as an officer of the government.
He shall never know well that he is a man.
He shall never know well that he does as a man.
He is obliged to consider whether he will treat his neighbor as a neighbor and well-disposed man.
He is obliged to consider whether he will treat his neighbor as a maniac and disturber of the peace.
He must see if he can get over the obstruction to his neighborliness.
He must get over the obstruction to his neighborliness without a ruder thought corresponding with his action.
He must get over the obstruction to his neighborliness without a more impetuous speech corresponding with his action.
It seems that your input was cut off.
Please provide the complete content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
Some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment.
Some civil disobedients have a belief in the validity of the social contract.
The social contract is held to bind all individuals to obey the laws established by a government.
The government must meet certain standards of legitimacy.
Individuals must obey the laws established by the government.
Individuals who do not obey the laws established by the government must suffer the penalties set out in the law.
Other civil disobedients favor the existence of government.
Other civil disobedients still don't believe in the legitimacy of their particular government.
Other civil disobedients don't believe in the legitimacy of a particular law enacted by their particular government.
Some civil disobedients are anarchists.
Anarchists do not believe in the legitimacy of any government.
Anarchists see no need to accept punishment for a violation of criminal law.
A violation of criminal law does not infringe the rights of others.
An important decision for civil disobedients is whether to plead guilty.
An important decision for civil disobedients is whether not to plead guilty.
There is much debate on the point of civil disobedience.
Some individuals believe that it is a civil disobedient's duty to submit to the punishment prescribed by law.
Other individuals believe that defending oneself in court will increase the possibility of changing the unjust law.
It has been argued that either choice is compatible with the spirit of civil disobedience.
Either choice is compatible with the spirit of civil disobedience.
ACT-UP's Civil Disobedience Training handbook states a proposition about civil disobedience.
A civil disobedient who pleads guilty is essentially stating, 'Yes, I committed the act of which you accuse me.'
The speaker does not deny something.
The speaker is proud of that something.
The speaker feels that the speaker did the right thing by violating a particular law.
The speaker admits to being guilty as charged.
The speaker believes that pleading not guilty sends a message.
The message conveyed by pleading not guilty is that guilt implies wrong-doing.
The speaker feels that the speaker has done no wrong.
The speaker may have violated some specific laws.
The speaker is guilty of doing no wrong.
The speaker pleads not guilty.
A plea of no contest is sometimes regarded as a compromise.
The compromise is between the two parties.
One defendant was accused of illegally protesting nuclear power.
The defendant was asked to enter his plea.
The defendant stated, 'I plead for the beauty that surrounds us.'
The statement made by the defendant is known as a 'creative plea.'
A creative plea will usually be interpreted as a plea of not guilty.
The Committee for Non-Violent Action sponsored a protest in August 1957.
The protest took place at the Camp Mercury nuclear test site near Las Vegas, Nevada.
Thirteen of the protesters attempted to enter the test site.
The protesters knew that they faced arrest.
At a pre-arranged announced time, individuals stepped across the 'line' one at a time.
Individuals were immediately arrested after stepping across the 'line'.
They were put on a bus.
They were taken to the Nye County seat of Tonopah, Nevada.
They were arraigned for trial before the local Justice of the Peace.
The arraignment occurred that afternoon.
Francis Heisler is a well known civil rights attorney.
Francis Heisler had volunteered to defend the arrested persons.
Francis Heisler advised the arrested persons to plead 'nolo contendere'.
Francis Heisler presented 'nolo contendere' as an alternative to pleading either guilty or not-guilty.
The arrested persons were found guilty.
The arrested persons were given suspended sentences.
The suspended sentences were conditional on the arrested persons not reentering the test site grounds.
Howard Zinn writes a statement about protesters choosing to go to jail.
Protesters may choose to go to jail as a way of continuing their protest.
Protesters may choose to go to jail as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice.
The notion that individuals must go to jail is different from another idea.
The idea of going to jail is connected with civil disobedience.
The key point is that the spirit of protest should be maintained.
The spirit of protest should be maintained all the way.
The spirit of protest can be maintained by remaining in jail.
The spirit of protest can also be maintained by evading jail.
To accept jail penitently as an accession to 'the rules' is to switch suddenly to a spirit of subservience.
To accept jail penitently as an accession to 'the rules' demeans the seriousness of the protest.
The neo-conservative insistence on a guilty plea exists.
The neo-conservative insistence on a guilty plea should be eliminated.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the full content you would like me to decompose, and I will be happy to assist you!
Sometimes the prosecution proposes a plea bargain to civil disobedients.
The Camden 28 is a specific case involving civil disobedients.
In the case of the Camden 28, the defendants were offered an opportunity to plead guilty to one misdemeanor count.
The defendants in the Camden 28 would receive no jail time if they accepted the plea bargain.
In some mass arrest situations, activists decide to use solidarity tactics.
Activists use solidarity tactics to secure the same plea bargain for everyone.
Some activists have opted to enter a blind plea.
A blind plea involves pleading guilty without any plea agreement in place.
Mohandas Gandhi pleaded guilty.
Mohandas Gandhi told the court a statement.
It seems that the content you would like me to decompose is missing.
Please provide the text or content you want me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
It seems that the content you would like me to decompose is missing.
Please provide the text or content you want me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
I submit cheerfully to the highest penalty that can be inflicted upon me.
The highest penalty that can be inflicted upon me is for what in law is a deliberate crime.
What appears to me to be the highest duty of a citizen is to submit to the highest penalty.
It seems that your message was cut off.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose, and I will be happy to assist you!
Some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a defiant speech in allocution.
Some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a speech explaining their actions in allocution.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Burgos-Andujar was a defendant.
Burgos-Andujar was involved in a movement.
The movement aimed to stop military exercises.
The method used to stop military exercises involved trespassing on U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
Navy property argued to the court in allocution.
Navy property stated that the ones who are violating the greater law are the members of the Navy.
The judge increased her sentence from 40 days to 60 days.
The increase in the sentence was a result of a specific circumstance.
The action was upheld.
The action was upheld because of a reason.
The reason for upholding the action is according to the U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The Court of Appeals for the First Circuit made a ruling.
The statement suggested a lack of remorse.
The statement suggested an attempt to avoid responsibility for her actions.
The statement suggested a likelihood of repeating her illegal actions.
Some of the other allocution speeches were given by the protesters.
The allocution speeches complained about mistreatment from government officials.
Steven Barkan writes a hypothesis about the decisions defendants must make when pleading not guilty.
Defendants must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine.
Defendants may choose to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case.
Defendants may choose to inform the jury and the public of their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience.
A technical defense may enhance the chances for acquittal.
A technical defense may make for more boring proceedings.
A technical defense may reduce press coverage.
During the Vietnam War era, the Chicago Eight used a political defense.
Benjamin Spock used a technical defense during the Vietnam War era.
In countries such as the United States, laws guarantee the right to a jury trial.
In countries such as the United States, laws do not excuse lawbreaking for political purposes.
Some civil disobedients seek jury nullification in countries such as the United States.
Over the years, the situation has been made more difficult by court decisions.
One of the court decisions is Sparf v.
The United States held that the judge need not inform jurors of their nullification prerogative.
United States v is a case reference.
Dougherty held that the judge need not allow defendants to openly seek jury nullification.
One theory is that disobedience may be helpful.
One theory is that any great amount of disobedience would undermine the law.
One theory is that general disobedience is neither conscientious nor of social benefit.
Conscientious lawbreakers must be punished.
Michael Bayles argues a hypothesis about civil disobedience.
A person violates a law in order to create a test case as to the constitutionality of a law.
The person wins his case.
Michael Bayles concludes that the act of the person did not constitute civil disobedience.
It has been argued that breaking the law for self-gratification is not civil disobedience.
The case of a homosexual user is an example of breaking the law for self-gratification.
The case of a cannabis user is another example of breaking the law for self-gratification.
A homosexual user does not direct his act at securing the repeal of amendment of the law.
A cannabis user does not direct his act at securing the repeal of amendment of the law.
A protestor attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly.
A protestor attempts to escape punishment by avoiding attribution.
A protestor attempts to escape punishment by denying having committed the crime.
A protestor attempts to escape punishment by fleeing the jurisdiction.
A protestor who attempts to escape punishment is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient.
Courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience.
Indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law.
The law violated in indirect civil disobedience is not, itself, the object of protest.
Direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law.
Direct civil disobedience involves breaking that particular law.
During the Vietnam War, courts typically refused to excuse the perpetrators of illegal protests from punishment.
The courts refused to excuse the perpetrators of illegal protests on the basis of their challenging the legality of the Vietnam War.
The courts ruled that the legality of the Vietnam War was a political question.
The necessity defense has sometimes been used as a shadow defense by civil disobedients.
Civil disobedients use the necessity defense to deny guilt.
Civil disobedients do not denounce their politically motivated acts.
Civil disobedients use the necessity defense to present their political beliefs in the courtroom.
Court cases exist.
One example of a court case is U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
Schoon have greatly curtailed the availability of the political necessity defense.
Carter Wentworth was charged for his role in the Clamshell Alliance's 1977 illegal occupation of the Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant.
The judge instructed the jury to disregard Carter Wentworth's competing harms defense.
Carter Wentworth was found guilty.
Fully Informed Jury Association activists have sometimes handed out educational leaflets inside courthouses.
The educational leaflets were handed out despite admonitions not to do so.
According to the Fully Informed Jury Association, many activists have escaped prosecution.
Prosecutors have reasoned that if they arrest fully informed jury leafleters, the leaflets will have to be given to the leafleter's own jury as evidence.
It seems that your input was cut off.
Please provide the complete content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
Giving the offender his 'just deserts' is a goal of criminal punishment.
Achieving crime control via incapacitation is a major goal of criminal punishment.
Achieving crime control via deterrence is a major goal of criminal punishment.
Brownlee argues that bringing in deterrence at the level of justification detracts from the law’s engagement in a moral dialogue with the offender as a rational person.
Bringing in deterrence focuses attention on the threat of punishment.
Bringing in deterrence does not focus on the moral reasons to follow the law.
Leonard Hubert Hoffmann is a writer.
Leonard Hubert Hoffmann writes a statement about imposing punishment.
The most important consideration in deciding whether or not to impose punishment would be whether the punishment would do more harm than good.
The objector has no right not to be punished.
The decision on utilitarian grounds is a matter for the state.
The judges are included in the state.
The state must decide whether to do so or not.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
Construction is the process of constructing a building.
Construction is the process of constructing infrastructure.
Construction differs from manufacturing.
Manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items.
Manufacturing does not typically involve a designated purchaser.
Construction typically takes place on location.
Construction typically takes place for a known client.
Construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries.
Construction starts with planning.
Construction starts with design.
Construction starts with financing.
Construction continues until the project is built.
Construction continues until the project is ready for use.
Large-scale construction requires collaboration.
Collaboration occurs across multiple disciplines.
An architect normally manages the job.
A construction manager supervises the job.
A design engineer supervises the job.
A construction engineer supervises the job.
A project manager supervises the job.
Effective planning is essential for the successful execution of a project.
Individuals involved with the design of the infrastructure in question must consider zoning requirements.
Individuals involved with the execution of the infrastructure in question must consider zoning requirements.
Individuals involved with the design of the infrastructure in question must consider the environmental impact of the job.
Individuals involved with the execution of the infrastructure in question must consider the environmental impact of the job.
Individuals involved with the design of the infrastructure in question must consider successful scheduling.
Individuals involved with the execution of the infrastructure in question must consider successful scheduling.
Individuals involved with the design of the infrastructure in question must consider budgeting.
Individuals involved with the execution of the infrastructure in question must consider budgeting.
Individuals involved with the design of the infrastructure in question must consider construction-site safety.
Individuals involved with the execution of the infrastructure in question must consider construction-site safety.
Individuals involved with the design of the infrastructure in question must consider the availability and transportation of building materials.
Individuals involved with the execution of the infrastructure in question must consider the availability and transportation of building materials.
Individuals involved with the design of the infrastructure in question must consider logistics.
Individuals involved with the execution of the infrastructure in question must consider logistics.
Individuals involved with the design of the infrastructure in question must consider the inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays.
Individuals involved with the execution of the infrastructure in question must consider the inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays.
Individuals involved with the design of the infrastructure in question must consider bidding.
Individuals involved with the execution of the infrastructure in question must consider bidding.
The largest construction projects are referred to as megaprojects.
In general, there are three sectors of construction.
The three sectors of construction are buildings.
The three sectors of construction are infrastructure.
The three sectors of construction are industrial.
Building construction is usually further divided into residential construction.
Building construction is usually further divided into non-residential construction.
Non-residential construction includes commercial construction.
Non-residential construction includes institutional construction.
Infrastructure is often called heavy/highway.
Infrastructure is often called heavy civil.
Infrastructure is often called heavy engineering.
The content includes large public works.
The content includes dams.
The content includes bridges.
The content includes highways.
The content includes water distribution.
The content includes wastewater distribution.
The content includes utility distribution.
Industrial includes refineries.
Industrial includes process chemical.
Industrial includes power generation.
Industrial includes mills.
Industrial includes manufacturing plants.
There are other ways to break the industry into sectors.
There are other ways to break the industry into markets.
Engineering News-Record is a trade magazine.
Engineering News-Record is for the construction industry.
Each year, ENR compiles data about the size of design and construction companies.
Each year, ENR reports on data about the size of design and construction companies.
They publish a list of the largest companies in the United States.
The list of the largest companies in the United States is referred to as Top-40.
They also publish a list of the largest global firms.
The list of the largest global firms is referred to as Top-250.
The Top-250 list is based on the amount of work the largest global firms are doing outside their home country.
In 2014, ENR compiled the data.
ENR compiled the data in nine market segments.
The projects were divided into categories.
The categories included transportation.
The categories included petroleum.
The categories included buildings.
The categories included power.
The categories included industrial.
The categories included water.
The categories included manufacturing.
The categories included sewer/waste.
The categories included telecom.
The categories included hazardous waste.
There was a tenth category for other projects.
In their reporting on the Top 400, the reporters used data on transportation.
In their reporting on the Top 400, the reporters used data on sewer.
In their reporting on the Top 400, the reporters used data on hazardous waste.
In their reporting on the Top 400, the reporters used data on water.
The reporters ranked firms as heavy contractors.
The Standard Industrial Classification has a classification system for companies that perform or otherwise engage in construction.
The North American Industry Classification System has a classification system for companies that perform or otherwise engage in construction.
The sector of companies is divided into three subsectors.
The three subsectors are building construction, heavy and civil engineering construction, and specialty trade contractors.
The purpose of dividing the sector is to recognize the differences of companies in this sector.
There are categories for construction service firms.
Engineering is a field of study and practice.
Architecture is a field of study and practice.
Construction managers are firms engaged in managing construction projects.
Construction managers do not assume direct financial responsibility for the completion of the construction project.
Building construction is the process of adding structure to real property.
Building construction involves the construction of buildings.
The majority of building construction jobs are small renovations.
Small renovations include the addition of a room.
Small renovations include the renovation of a bathroom.
The owner of the property often acts as a laborer.
The owner of the property often acts as a paymaster.
The owner of the property often acts as a design team for the entire project.
Building construction projects typically include various common elements.
Common elements of building construction projects include design considerations.
Common elements of building construction projects include financial considerations.
Common elements of building construction projects include estimating considerations.
Common elements of building construction projects include legal considerations.
Many building construction projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results.
Undesirable end results of building construction projects include structural collapse.
Undesirable end results of building construction projects include cost overruns.
Undesirable end results of building construction projects include litigation.
Those with experience in the field make detailed plans.
Those with experience in the field maintain careful oversight during the project.
The purpose of making detailed plans and maintaining careful oversight is to ensure a positive outcome.
Residential construction practices must conform to local building authority regulations.
Residential construction practices must conform to codes of practice.
Technologies used in residential construction must conform to local building authority regulations.
Technologies used in residential construction must conform to codes of practice.
Resources used in residential construction must conform to local building authority regulations.
Resources used in residential construction must conform to codes of practice.
Materials that are readily available in the area generally dictate the construction materials used.
Brick is a building material.
Stone is a building material.
Timber is a building material.
Brick, stone, and timber are compared against each other.
The cost of construction on a per square meter basis for houses can vary dramatically.
The cost of construction on a per square foot basis for houses can vary dramatically.
The variation in construction cost is based on site conditions.
The variation in construction cost is based on local regulations.
The variation in construction cost is based on economies of scale.
Custom designed homes are often more expensive to build.
The variation in construction cost is based on the availability of skilled tradespeople.
Residential construction can generate a lot of waste.
All other types of construction can generate a lot of waste.
Careful planning is needed for residential construction.
Careful planning is needed for all other types of construction.
New techniques of building construction are being researched.
Advances in 3D printing technology make new techniques of building construction possible.
Building printing is a form of additive building construction.
Additive building construction is similar to additive manufacturing techniques for manufactured parts.
Building printing is making it possible to flexibly construct small commercial buildings.
Building printing is making it possible to flexibly construct private habitations.
Building printing can construct small commercial buildings and private habitations in around 20 hours.
Building printing includes built-in plumbing facilities.
Building printing includes built-in electrical facilities.
Building printing is done in one continuous build.
Building printing uses large 3D printers.
Working versions of 3D-printing building technology are already printing 2 metres of building material per hour as of January 2013.
2 metres is equivalent to 6 feet 7 inches.
Next-generation printers are capable of printing more than 2 metres of building material per hour.
The speed is 5 metres per hour.
5 metres is equivalent to 11 feet.
The speed is sufficient to complete a building in a week.
Janjaap Ruijssenaars is a Dutch architect.
Janjaap Ruijssenaars's performative architecture 3D-printed building is scheduled to be built in 2014.
In the modern industrialized world, construction usually involves the translation of designs into reality.
The modern industrialized world is characterized by industrialization.
Construction usually involves the process of translating designs into reality.
A formal design team may be assembled.
The purpose of the formal design team is to plan the physical proceedings.
The formal design team will integrate the physical proceedings with the other parts.
The design usually consists of drawings.
The design usually consists of specifications.
The drawings and specifications are usually prepared by a design team.
The design team includes an Architect.
The design team includes civil engineers.
The design team includes mechanical engineers.
The design team includes electrical engineers.
The design team includes structural engineers.
The design team includes fire protection engineers.
The design team includes planning consultants.
The design team includes architectural consultants.
The design team includes archaeological consultants.
The design team is most commonly employed.
There is a contract with the property owner.
Under this system, the design is completed by the design team.
A number of construction companies may be asked to make a bid for the work.
A number of construction management companies may be asked to make a bid for the work.
The construction companies may make a bid based directly on the design.
The construction companies may make a bid on the basis of drawings provided by a quantity surveyor.
The construction companies may make a bid on the basis of a bill of quantities provided by a quantity surveyor.
The owner typically evaluates bids.
The owner typically awards a contract to the most cost efficient bidder.
The modern trend in design is toward integration of previously separated specialties.
The integration of previously separated specialties is especially common among large firms.
In the past, architects were more likely to be entirely separate companies.
In the past, interior designers were more likely to be entirely separate companies.
In the past, engineers were more likely to be entirely separate companies.
In the past, developers were more likely to be entirely separate companies.
In the past, construction managers were more likely to be entirely separate companies.
In the past, general contractors were more likely to be entirely separate companies.
In the past, even in the larger firms, architects, interior designers, engineers, developers, construction managers, and general contractors were more likely to be entirely separate companies.
A firm may be nominally classified as an architecture firm.
A firm may be nominally classified as a construction management firm.
A firm may have experts from all related fields as employees.
A firm may have an associated company that provides each necessary skill.
Each such firm may offer itself as 'one-stop shopping' for a construction project.
The 'one-stop shopping' for a construction project includes services from beginning to end.
This is designated as a 'design build' contract.
In a 'design build' contract, the contractor is given a performance specification.
The contractor must undertake the project from design to construction.
The contractor must adhere to the performance specifications.
Several project structures can assist the owner in integration.
The project structures include design-build.
The project structures include partnering.
The project structures include construction management.
Each of these project structures allows the owner to integrate the services of architects.
Each of these project structures allows the owner to integrate the services of interior designers.
Each of these project structures allows the owner to integrate the services of engineers.
Each of these project structures allows the owner to integrate the services of constructors.
The integration of services occurs throughout design.
The integration of services occurs throughout construction.
Many companies are growing beyond traditional offerings of design services alone.
Many companies are growing beyond traditional offerings of construction services alone.
Many companies are placing more emphasis on establishing relationships with other necessary participants.
The design-build process is a method that involves establishing relationships with other necessary participants.
Construction projects can suffer from financial problems.
The financial problems that construction projects suffer from can be preventable.
Underbids happen when builders ask for too little money.
Builders ask for too little money to complete the project.
Cash flow problems exist when the present amount of funding cannot cover the current costs for labour.
Cash flow problems exist when the present amount of funding cannot cover the current costs for materials.
Cash flow problems are a matter of having sufficient funds at a specific time.
Cash flow problems can arise even when the overall total amount of funding is enough.
Fraud is a problem in many fields.
Fraud is notoriously prevalent in the construction field.
Financial planning for the project is intended to ensure that a solid plan is in place before the project is started.
Financial planning for the project is intended to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place before the project is started.
Financial planning for the project is intended to ensure that contingency plans are in place before the project is started.
Financial planning for the project is required to ensure that the plan is properly executed over the life of the project.
Mortgage bankers are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project.
Accountants are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project.
Cost engineers are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project.
The presence of the mortgage banker is highly likely in relatively small projects.
The owner's equity in the property is the most obvious source of funding for a building project.
Accountants act to study the expected monetary flow over the life of the project.
Accountants act to monitor the payouts throughout the process.
Cost engineers apply expertise to relate the work involved to a proper valuation.
Estimators apply expertise to relate the materials involved to a proper valuation.
Cost overruns with government projects have occurred.
Cost overruns have occurred when the contractor identified change orders or project changes that increased costs.
Change orders or project changes that increased costs are not subject to competition from other firms.
Other firms have already been eliminated from consideration after the initial bid.
The project must adhere to zoning requirements.
The project must adhere to building code requirements.
Constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit the owner.
A project that fails to adhere to codes is a type of project.
The owner is the individual or entity that possesses the project.
Some legal requirements come from malum in se considerations.
Malum in se considerations refer to the desire to prevent things that are indisputably bad.
Bridge collapses are considered indisputably bad.
Explosions are considered indisputably bad.
Other legal requirements come from malum prohibitum considerations.
Malum prohibitum considerations refer to things that are a matter of custom or expectation.
Isolating businesses to a business district is an example of a legal requirement.
Isolating residences to a residential district is another example of a legal requirement.
An attorney may seek changes in the law that governs the land where the building will be built.
An attorney may seek exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built.
An attorney may argue that a rule is inapplicable.
The bridge design will not cause a collapse.
An attorney may argue that the custom is no longer needed.
Acceptance of live-work spaces has grown in the community.
A construction project is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations.
All parties must carefully consider each contract and legal obligation.
A contract is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties.
The exchange of obligations in a contract is not a simple matter.
The goal of a contract is not merely to get the other side to agree to as much as possible.
The goal of a contract is not merely to get the other side to agree in exchange for as little as possible.
The time element in construction means that a delay costs money.
In cases of bottlenecks, the delay can be extremely expensive.
The contracts must be designed.
The design of the contracts must ensure that each side is capable of performing the obligations.
Each side refers to the parties involved in the contracts.
The obligations are the responsibilities set out in the contracts.
Contracts that set out clear expectations are far more likely to result in the project flowing smoothly.
Contracts that set out clear paths to accomplishing those expectations are far more likely to result in the project flowing smoothly.
Poorly drafted contracts lead to confusion.
Poorly drafted contracts lead to collapse.
There is a growing number of new forms of procurement.
The new forms of procurement involve relationship contracting.
The emphasis of relationship contracting is on a co-operative relationship.
The co-operative relationship exists between the principal and contractor.
The co-operative relationship also involves other stakeholders within a construction project.
New forms include partnering.
Public-Private Partnering is also known as private finance initiatives.
Public-Private Partnering is abbreviated as PPPs.
Private finance initiatives are abbreviated as PFIs.
New forms include alliances.
"Pure" alliances are also known as "project" alliances.
"Impure" alliances are also known as "strategic" alliances.
The focus on co-operation is to ameliorate problems.
Many problems arise from highly competitive practices within the construction industry.
Many problems arise from adversarial practices within the construction industry.
This method of construction procurement is the most common.
This method of construction procurement is well established.
This method of construction procurement is recognized.
In this arrangement, the architect acts as the project coordinator.
In this arrangement, the engineer acts as the project coordinator.
The role of the individual is to design the works.
The role of the individual is to prepare the specifications.
The role of the individual is to produce construction drawings.
The role of the individual is to administer the contract.
The role of the individual is to tender the works.
The role of the individual is to manage the works from inception to completion.
There are direct contractual links between the architect's client and the main contractor.
The architect's client has a direct contractual link with the main contractor.
Any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship with the main contractor.
The procedure continues.
The building is ready to occupy.
The owner produces a list of requirements for a project.
The list of requirements gives an overall view of the project's goals.
Several D&B contractors present different ideas.
The ideas are about how to accomplish specific goals.
The owner selects the ideas that the owner likes best.
The owner hires the appropriate contractor.
Often, there is not just one contractor.
There is a consortium of several contractors working together.
Once the workers have been hired, the workers begin building the first phase of the project.
They build phase 1.
They design phase 2.
A design-bid-build contract is a type of contract.
In a design-bid-build contract, the project is completely designed by the owner.
After the project is designed by the owner, the project is bid on.
After the project is bid on, the project is completed.
Contractors are typically required to verify existing utility lines before the foundation can be dug.
Contractors are typically required to have existing utility lines marked before the foundation can be dug.
Existing utility lines can be marked by the utilities themselves.
Existing utility lines can be marked through a company specializing in such services.
The action lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing electrical facilities.
The action lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing water facilities.
The action lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing sewage facilities.
The action lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing phone facilities.
The action lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing cable facilities.
Damage to the existing electrical, water, sewage, phone, and cable facilities could cause outages.
Damage to the existing electrical, water, sewage, phone, and cable facilities could potentially create hazardous situations.
During the construction of a building, the municipal building inspector inspects the building periodically.
The municipal building inspector inspects the building to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans.
The municipal building inspector inspects the building to ensure that the construction adheres to the local building code.
Construction is complete.
A final inspection has been passed.
An occupancy permit may be issued.
In the United States, the industry had around $960 billion in annual revenue in 2014.
The statistics were tracked by the Census Bureau.
$680 billion of the annual revenue is private.
The private revenue is split evenly between residential and nonresidential sectors.
The remainder of the annual revenue is government revenue.
As of 2005, there were about 667,000 firms in existence.
The firms employed 1 million contractors.
There were 200,000 general contractors.
There were 38,000 heavy contractors.
There were 432,000 specialty contractors.
The average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees.
The industry employed an estimated 5 individuals.
The number 8 million was recorded as of April 2013.
The number 8 million is associated with the figure 13.
The unemployment rate is 2%.
Approximately 828,000 women were employed in the construction industry in the United States as of 2011.
The year 2011 is the reference year for the employment statistic.
In 2010, a salary survey revealed the differences in remuneration.
The differences in remuneration were between different roles in the construction and built environment industry.
The differences in remuneration were between different sectors in the construction and built environment industry.
The differences in remuneration were between different locations in the construction and built environment industry.
The results showed that areas of particularly strong growth exist in the construction industry.
The Middle East is an area of particularly strong growth in the construction industry.
Areas of particularly strong growth in the construction industry yield higher average salaries than in the UK.
The UK is an example of an area with lower average salaries compared to areas of strong growth in the construction industry.
The average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the Middle East is £42,090.
The average earning for a professional in the construction industry is calculated across all sectors.
The average earning for a professional in the construction industry is calculated across all job types.
The average earning for a professional in the construction industry is calculated across all levels of experience.
The average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the UK is £26,719.
The average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the Middle East is compared to the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the UK.
This trend is not necessarily due to the fact that more affluent roles are available.
Architects with 14 or more years of experience working in the Middle East earn on average £43,389 per annum.
Architects with 14 or more years of experience working in the UK earn on average £40,000 per annum.
The average annual salary for architects with 14 or more years of experience in the Middle East is £43,389.
The average annual salary for architects with 14 or more years of experience in the UK is £40,000.
Some construction workers in the US have made more than $100,000 annually.
Some construction workers in Canada have made more than $100,000 annually.
The annual income of construction workers depends on their trade.
Construction is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world.
Construction incurs more occupational fatalities than any other sector in the United States.
Construction incurs more occupational fatalities than any other sector in the European Union.
In 2009, the fatal occupational injury rate among construction workers in the United States was nearly three times the fatal occupational injury rate for all workers.
Falls are one of the most common causes of fatal injuries among construction workers.
Falls are one of the most common causes of non-fatal injuries among construction workers.
Proper safety equipment can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry.
Proper safety equipment includes harnesses.
Proper safety equipment includes guardrails.
Proper procedures can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry.
Proper procedures include securing ladders.
Proper procedures include inspecting scaffolding.
Other major causes of fatalities in the construction industry include electrocution.
Other major causes of fatalities in the construction industry include transportation accidents.
Other major causes of fatalities in the construction industry include trench cave-ins.
Private schools are also known as independent schools.
Private schools are also known as non-governmental schools.
Private schools are also known as nonstate schools.
Private schools are not administered by local governments.
Private schools are not administered by state governments.
Private schools are not administered by national governments.
Private schools retain the right to select their students.
Private schools are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition.
Private schools do not rely on mandatory taxation through public funding.
At some private schools, students may be able to get a scholarship.
A scholarship makes the cost of attending private schools cheaper.
The availability of a scholarship depends on a talent the student may have.
Sport scholarships are available.
Art scholarships are available.
Academic scholarships are available.
Financial need may qualify individuals for scholarships.
Tax credit scholarships might be available.
In the United Kingdom, the use of the term is generally restricted to primary and secondary educational levels.
In several other Commonwealth countries, including Australia and Canada, the use of the term is generally restricted to primary and secondary educational levels.
The term is almost never used of universities.
The term is almost never used of other tertiary institutions.
Private education in North America covers the whole gamut of educational activity.
The educational activity covered by private education in North America ranges from pre-school to tertiary level institutions.
Annual tuition fees at K-12 schools range from nothing at tuition-free schools.
Annual tuition fees at several New England preparatory schools exceed $45,000.
The secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12.
Year twelve is known as lower sixth.
Year 13 is known as upper sixth.
This category includes university-preparatory schools.
University-preparatory schools are also known as prep schools.
This category includes boarding schools.
This category includes day schools.
Tuition at private secondary schools varies from school to school.
Tuition at private secondary schools depends on many factors.
The location of the school is a factor that affects tuition at private secondary schools.
The willingness of parents to pay is a factor that affects tuition at private secondary schools.
Peer tuitions are a factor that affects tuition at private secondary schools.
The school's financial endowment is a factor that affects tuition at private secondary schools.
High tuition is claimed by schools to be used to pay higher salaries for the best teachers.
High tuition is also claimed by schools to be used to provide enriched learning environments.
Enriched learning environments include a low student to teacher ratio.
Enriched learning environments include small class sizes.
Enriched learning environments include services such as libraries.
Enriched learning environments include science laboratories.
Enriched learning environments include computers.
Some private schools are boarding schools.
Many military academies are privately owned.
Many military academies are operated as well.
Religiously affiliated schools form a subcategory of private schools.
Denominational schools form a subcategory of private schools.
Religiously affiliated schools and denominational schools together form a subcategory of private schools.
Some schools teach religious education.
Some schools teach the usual academic subjects.
The purpose of teaching religious education is to impress the particular faith's beliefs and traditions in the students who attend.
Others use the denomination as a general label.
The general label describes what the founders based their belief on.
Others maintain a fine distinction between academics and religion.
Parochial schools are included.
The term 'parochial schools' is often used to denote Roman Catholic schools.
Other religious groups are represented in the K-12 private education sector.
Protestants are one of the religious groups represented in the K-12 private education sector.
Jews are one of the religious groups represented in the K-12 private education sector.
Muslims are one of the religious groups represented in the K-12 private education sector.
Orthodox Christians are one of the religious groups represented in the K-12 private education sector.
Private schools in Australia may be favoured for many reasons.
One reason for favouring private schools in Australia is prestige.
Another reason for favouring private schools in Australia is the social status of the 'old school tie'.
Private schools in Australia may offer better quality physical infrastructure.
Private schools in Australia may offer more facilities.
Playing fields are recreational areas designed for sports and games.
Swimming pools are structures filled with water for swimming and other water activities.
Playing fields and swimming pools are examples of recreational facilities.
Higher-paid teachers exist.
There is a belief that private schools offer a higher quality of education.
Some schools offer the removal of the purported distractions of co-education.
Some schools offer the presence of boarding facilities.
Some schools offer stricter discipline based on their power of expulsion.
The power of expulsion is a tool not readily available to government schools.
Student uniforms for Australian private schools are generally stricter than student uniforms in government schools.
Student uniforms for Australian private schools are generally more formal than student uniforms in government schools.
A compulsory blazer is an example of the stricter and more formal student uniforms in Australian private schools.
Private schools in Australia are always more expensive than public schools in Australia.
Most independent schools are non-aligned.
Some of the best known independent schools belong to large, long-established religious foundations.
The Anglican Church is one of the large, long-established religious foundations.
The Uniting Church is one of the large, long-established religious foundations.
The Presbyterian Church is one of the large, long-established religious foundations.
In most cases, large, long-established religious foundations do not insist on their students’ religious allegiance.
These schools are typically viewed as elite schools.
Many of the grammar schools fall in this category.
Some schools are usually expensive.
Some schools tend to be up-market.
Some schools are traditional in style.
Some Catholic schools fall into the category of expensive schools.
St Joseph's College is located in Gregory Terrace.
Saint Ignatius' College is located in Riverview.
St Gregory's College is located in Campbelltown.
St Aloysius' College is located in Sydney.
St Joseph's College is located in Hunters Hill.
Loreto Kirribilli is an educational institution for girls.
Monte Sant Angelo Mercy College is an educational institution for girls.
St Ursula's College is an educational institution for girls.
Loreto Normanhurst is an educational institution for girls.
The right to create private schools in Germany is stated in Article 7, Paragraph 4 of the Grundgesetz.
The right to create private schools in Germany cannot be suspended even in a state of emergency.
It is not possible to abolish these rights.
This unusual protection of private schools was implemented.
The purpose of this unusual protection was to protect private schools from a second Gleichschaltung.
The purpose of this unusual protection was to protect private schools from a similar event in the future.
The subject referred to is less common than in many other countries.
Between 1992 and 2008, the percent of pupils in such schools in Germany increased from 6.
1% is a percentage.
7 is a whole number.
8% is a percentage.
The percentage includes a rise from 0.
5% is a percentage.
6 is a whole number.
5% represents a portion of 6.
1% refers to a percentage.
The former GDR refers to the German Democratic Republic.
The percent of students in private high schools reached 11.
1% is a numerical value representing one part of a hundred.
Ersatzschulen are ordinary primary schools.
Ersatzschulen are ordinary secondary schools.
Ersatzschulen are run by private individuals.
Ersatzschulen are run by private organizations.
Ersatzschulen are run by religious groups.
These schools offer the same types of diplomas.
The types of diplomas offered by these schools are the same as those offered by public schools.
Ersatzschulen lack the freedom to operate completely outside of government regulation.
Teachers at Ersatzschulen must have at least the same education as teachers at public schools.
Teachers at Ersatzschulen must have at least the same wages as teachers at public schools.
An Ersatzschule must have at least the same academic standards as a public school.
Article 7, Paragraph 4 of the Grundgesetz forbids segregation of pupils according to the means of their parents.
The segregation of pupils according to the means of their parents is referred to as the so-called Sonderungsverbot.
Most Ersatzschulen have very low tuition fees.
Most Ersatzschulen offer scholarships.
The tuition fees of most Ersatzschulen are low compared to most other Western European countries.
The scholarships offered by most Ersatzschulen are compared to most other Western European countries.
It is not possible to finance these schools with such low tuition fees.
All German Ersatzschulen are additionally financed with public funds.
The percentages of public money could reach 100%.
The percentages of public money are related to personnel expenditures.
The personnel expenditures could be fully covered by public money.
Private Schools became insolvent in the past in Germany.
Ergänzungsschulen are secondary or post-secondary schools.
Ergänzungsschulen are non-tertiary schools.
Ergänzungsschulen are run by private individuals.
Ergänzungsschulen are run by private organizations.
Ergänzungsschulen are rarely run by religious groups.
Ergänzungsschulen offer a type of education.
The type of education offered by Ergänzungsschulen is not available at public schools.
Most of these schools are vocational schools.
These vocational schools are not part of the German dual education system.
Ergänzungsschulen have the freedom to operate outside of government regulation.
Ergänzungsschulen are funded in whole by charging their students tuition fees.
In India, private schools are called independent schools.
Some private schools receive financial aid from the government.
A private school can be an aided school.
A private school can be an unaided school.
In a strict sense, a private school is an unaided independent school.
For the purpose of this definition, only receipt of financial aid is considered.
Land purchased from the government at a subsidized rate is not considered for this definition.
The union government has the power to govern schools.
The state governments have the power to govern schools.
Education appears in the Concurrent list of legislative subjects in the constitution.
The practice has been for the union government to provide broad policy directions.
The states create their own rules and regulations for the administration of the sector.
Among other things, this has resulted in 30 different Examination Boards.
The 30 different Examination Boards are academic authorities.
The academic authorities conduct examinations for school leaving certificates.
Prominent Examination Boards are present in multiple states.
The CBSE is a prominent Examination Board.
The CISCE is a prominent Examination Board.
The NENBSE is a prominent Examination Board.
Legally, only non-profit trusts can run schools in India.
Legally, only non-profit societies can run schools in India.
They will have to satisfy a number of infrastructure related criteria to get Recognition from the government.
They will have to satisfy a number of human resource related criteria to get Recognition from the government.
Recognition is a form of license from the government.
Critics of this system point out that the system leads to corruption by school inspectors.
School inspectors check compliance.
The system leads to fewer schools in a country.
The country has the largest adult illiterate population in the world.
Official data does not capture the real extent of private schooling in the country.
Various studies have reported the unpopularity of government schools.
Various studies have reported an increasing number of private schools.
The Annual Status of Education Report evaluates learning levels in rural India.
The Annual Status of Education Report has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools.
A key difference exists between government schools and private schools.
The medium of education in private schools is English.
The medium of education in government schools is the local language.
In Ireland, private schools are unusual.
Private schools are referred to as 'scoil phríobháideach' in Irish.
A certain number of teacher's salaries are paid by the State.
If the school wishes to employ extra teachers, the extra teachers are paid for with school fees.
School fees tend to be relatively low in Ireland compared to the rest of the world.
There is a limited element of state assessment of private schools.
The state has a requirement to ensure that children receive a certain minimum education.
Irish private schools must work towards the Junior Certificate.
Irish private schools must work towards the Leaving Certificate.
Many private schools in Ireland double as boarding schools.
The average fee is around €5,000 annually for most schools.
Some of these schools provide boarding.
The fees for schools that provide boarding may rise up to €25,000 per year.
The fee-paying schools are usually run by a religious order.
The Society of Jesus is an organization.
The Society of Jesus is also known as the Jesuits.
The Congregation of Christian Brothers is an organization.
The Congregation of Christian Brothers is a religious institute.
Malaysia gained independence in 1957.
The government of Malaysia instructed all schools to surrender their properties.
The government of Malaysia instructed all schools to be assimilated into the National School system.
This caused an uproar among the Chinese.
A compromise was achieved.
The schools would instead become 'National Type' schools.
Under such a system, the government is only in charge of the school curriculum.
Under such a system, the government is only in charge of teaching personnel.
The lands still belonged to the schools.
Chinese primary schools were allowed to retain Chinese as the medium of instruction.
Chinese secondary schools are required to change into English-medium schools.
Over 60 schools converted to become National Type schools.
The other category of schools are those run by private individuals.
The other category of schools are those run by private organizations.
The other category of schools are those run by religious groups.
The other category of schools are those partly funded by private individuals.
The other category of schools are those partly funded by private organizations.
The other category of schools are those partly funded by religious groups.
The other category of schools are those fully funded by private individuals.
The other category of schools are those fully funded by private organizations.
The other category of schools are those fully funded by religious groups.
Schools that accept government funds are called 'aided' schools.
The private 'un-aided' schools are fully funded by private parties.
The standard of education is quite high.
The quality of education is quite high.
These schools would be categorized as private schools.
Many of these schools have the name 'Public School' appended to them.
The Galaxy Public School is located in Kathmandu.
Most of the middle-class families send their children to schools.
The schools might be in the same city as the middle-class families.
The schools might be far off from the middle-class families.
Some of the schools are boarding schools.
The medium of education is English.
Nepali is a compulsory subject.
The state's official language is a compulsory subject.
Nepali and/or the state's official language is also taught.
Preschool education is mostly limited to organized neighbourhood nursery schools.
As of April 2014, there are 88 private schools in New Zealand.
The 88 private schools in New Zealand cater for around 28,000 students.
The number of students catered for by the private schools in New Zealand is around 28,000.
The number of students catered for by the private schools in New Zealand is approximately 3.
7% is a percentage of the entire student population.
The entire student population refers to all students in a specific context.
Private school numbers have been in decline since the mid-1970s.
Many private schools have opted to become state-integrated schools.
The decline in private school numbers is a result of many private schools opting to become state-integrated schools.
The financial difficulties of private schools have stemmed from changes in student numbers.
The financial difficulties of private schools have stemmed from changes in the economy.
State-integrated schools keep their private school special character.
State-integrated schools receive state funds in return for having to operate like a state school.
Schools must teach the state curriculum.
Schools must employ registered teachers.
Schools cannot charge tuition fees.
Schools can charge attendance dues for the upkeep on the still-private school land and buildings.
The largest decline in private school numbers occurred between 1979 and 1984.
The nation's then-private Catholic school system integrated during this period.
Private schools in New Zealand are now largely restricted to the largest cities.
The largest cities in New Zealand are Auckland, Hamilton, Wellington, and Christchurch.
Private schools in New Zealand are also largely restricted to niche markets.
Private schools are often Anglican.
King's College is a private school in Auckland.
Diocesan School for Girls is a private school in Auckland.
St Paul's Collegiate School is a private school in Hamilton.
St Peter's School is a private school in Cambridge.
Samuel Marsden Collegiate School is a private school in Wellington.
Christ's College is a private school in Christchurch.
St Margaret's College is a private school in Christchurch.
Private schools can also be Presbyterian.
Saint Kentigern College is a private school in Auckland.
St Cuthbert's College is a private school in Auckland.
Scots College is a private school in Wellington.
Queen Margaret College is a private school in Wellington.
St Andrew's College is a private school in Christchurch.
Rangi Ruru Girls' School is a private school in Christchurch.
Academic Colleges Group is a recent group of private schools.
Academic Colleges Group is run as a business.
Academic Colleges Group has schools throughout Auckland.
ACG Senior College is located in Auckland’s CBD.
ACG Parnell College is located in Parnell.
ACG New Zealand International College is an international school.
There are three private schools operated by the Catholic schismatic group, the Society of St Pius X in Wanganui.
One of the private schools is St Dominic's College.
The Society of St Pius X is a Catholic schismatic group.
The private schools are located in Wanganui.
In the Philippines, the private sector has been a major provider of educational services.
The private sector accounts for about 7 percent of educational services in the Philippines.
5% of primary enrollment is a statistic.
32% of secondary enrollment is a statistic.
About 80% of tertiary enrollment is a statistic.
Private schools have proven to be efficient in resource utilization.
Per unit costs in private schools are generally lower.
Per unit costs in private schools are compared to public schools.
The situation is more evident at the tertiary level.
Government regulations have given private education more flexibility and autonomy in recent years.
Government regulations have lifted the moratorium on applications for new courses.
Government regulations have lifted the moratorium on applications for new schools.
Government regulations have lifted the moratorium on applications for conversions.
Government regulations have liberalized tuition fee policy for private schools.
Government regulations have replaced values education for third and fourth years with English at the option of the school.
Government regulations have replaced values education for third and fourth years with mathematics at the option of the school.
Government regulations have replaced values education for third and fourth years with natural science at the option of the school.
Government regulations issued the revised Manual of Regulations for Private Schools in August 1992.
The Education Service Contracting scheme is a program of the government.
The Education Service Contracting scheme provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees.
The financial assistance is for students who were turned away from public high schools.
Students were turned away from public high schools because of enrollment overflows.
The Tuition Fee Supplement is geared to students enrolled in priority courses.
The Tuition Fee Supplement is geared to students enrolled in post-secondary programmes.
The Tuition Fee Supplement is geared to students enrolled in non-degree programmes.
The Tuition Fee Supplement is geared to students enrolled in vocational courses.
The Tuition Fee Supplement is geared to students enrolled in technical courses.
The Private Education Student Financial Assistance is made available to underprivileged high school graduates.
The Private Education Student Financial Assistance is made available to deserving high school graduates.
The underprivileged high school graduates wish to pursue college education in private colleges and universities.
The underprivileged high school graduates wish to pursue technical education in private colleges and universities.
Some of the oldest schools in South Africa are private church schools.
Private church schools were established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century.
The private sector has grown.
The growth of the private sector has occurred ever since a specific point in time.
The abolition of apartheid occurred in South Africa.
The laws governing private education in South Africa changed significantly after the abolition of apartheid.
The South African Schools Act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools.
The first category of schools is 'public' schools.
'Public' schools are state-controlled schools.
The second category of schools is 'independent' schools.
'Independent' schools include traditional private schools.
'Independent' schools also include schools which are privately governed.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
In the final years of the apartheid era, parents at white government schools were given the option to convert to a semi-private form called Model C.
Many of the white government schools changed their admissions policies.
The changed admissions policies allowed the acceptance of children of other races.
Following the transition to democracy, the legal form of 'Model C' was abolished.
The term 'Model C' continues to be used to describe government schools.
Government schools were formerly reserved for white children.
These schools tend to produce better academic results.
Government schools were formerly reserved for other race groups.
Former 'Model C' schools are not private schools.
Former 'Model C' schools are state-controlled.
All schools in South Africa have the right to set compulsory school fees.
All schools in South Africa include both independent schools and public schools.
Formerly model C schools tend to set much higher school fees than other public schools.
In Sweden, pupils are free to choose a private school.
The private school gets paid the same amount as municipal schools.
Over 10% of Swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008.
Sweden is internationally known for an innovative school voucher model.
The innovative school voucher model provides Swedish pupils with the opportunity to choose the school they prefer.
Kunskapsskolan is the biggest school chain.
Kunskapsskolan is also known as 'The Knowledge School'.
Kunskapsskolan offers 30 schools.
Kunskapsskolan provides a web-based environment.
Kunskapsskolan has 700 employees.
Kunskapsskolan teaches nearly 10,000 pupils.
The Swedish system has been recommended.
Barack Obama is the recipient of the recommendation.
Private schools generally prefer to be called independent schools.
Private schools have the freedom to operate outside of government control.
Private schools have the freedom to operate outside of local government control.
Some of these entities are known as public schools.
Preparatory schools in the UK prepare pupils.
Pupils are aged up to 13 years old.
Preparatory schools prepare pupils to enter public schools.
The name 'public school' is based on the fact that the schools were open to pupils from anywhere.
The schools were not merely open to pupils from a certain locality.
The schools were open to pupils of any religion.
The schools were open to pupils of any occupation.
According to The Good Schools Guide, approximately 9 per cent of children being educated in the UK are doing so at fee-paying schools at GCSE level.
According to The Good Schools Guide, approximately 13 per cent of children being educated in the UK are doing so at fee-paying schools at A-level.
Many independent schools are single-sex.
The trend of independent schools being single-sex is becoming less common.
Fees for day pupils range from under £3,000 to £21,000 and above per year.
Fees for boarders rise to £27,000 and above per year.
For details in Scotland, one should see 'Meeting the Cost'.
'Meeting the Cost' is a source for details in Scotland.
In many parts of the United States, there was a significant event after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education.
The 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education was a pivotal moment in American legal history.
The Board of Education of Topeka demanded that United States schools desegregate with all deliberate speed.
Local families organized a wave of private Christian academies.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Many white students migrated to the academies in the South.
Public schools became more heavily concentrated with African-American students in the South.
There is a list of private schools in Mississippi.
The academic content of the academies was usually College Preparatory.
Many segregation academies have shut down since the 1970s.
Some segregation academies continue to operate.
Funding for private schools is generally provided through student tuition.
Funding for private schools is generally provided through endowments.
Funding for private schools is generally provided through scholarship/voucher funds.
Funding for private schools is generally provided through donations from religious organizations.
Funding for private schools is generally provided through grants from private individuals.
Government funding for religious schools is subject to restrictions.
Government funding for religious schools is possibly forbidden.
The courts interpret the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment.
The courts interpret individual state Blaine Amendments.
Non-religious private schools theoretically could qualify for funding without hassle.
Non-religious private schools prefer the advantages of independent control of their student admissions.
Non-religious private schools prefer the advantages of independent control of their course content.
Non-religious private schools could receive public funding with charter status.
Private schooling in the United States has been debated by educators.
Private schooling in the United States has been debated by lawmakers.
Private schooling in the United States has been debated by parents.
The debate about private schooling in the United States began with the beginnings of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1852.
The Supreme Court precedent appears to favor educational choice.
States may set standards for educational accomplishment.
Some of the most relevant Supreme Court case law exists on this topic.
One relevant Supreme Court case is Runyon v.
McCrary is a named entity.
427 U is a reference to a legal citation.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
160 is a number.
1976 is a year.
Wisconsin is a U.S. state.
Wisconsin v is an incomplete reference to a legal case involving Wisconsin.
Yoder is a named entity.
406 U is a reference to a legal case citation.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
205 is a number.
1972 is a year.
Pierce v is a legal case.
The Society of Sisters is a legal entity.
The Society of Sisters is referenced in the case citation 268 U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
510 is a number.
1925 is a year.
Meyer is a named entity.
Nebraska is a state in the United States.
262 U is a reference to a legal case or citation.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
390 is a number.
1923 is a year.
As of 2012, quality private schools in the United States charged substantial tuition.
Quality private schools in the United States charged close to $40,000 annually for day schools in New York City.
Quality private schools in the United States charged nearly $50,000 for boarding schools.
Tuition did not cover operating expenses.
Tuition particularly did not cover operating expenses at boarding schools.
The leading schools had substantial endowments running to hundreds of millions of dollars.
The Groton School is one of the leading schools.
The substantial endowments of the leading schools were supplemented by fundraising drives.
Boarding schools with a reputation for quality exist in the United States.
Boarding schools with a reputation for quality have a student body drawn from throughout the country.
Boarding schools with a reputation for quality have a student body drawn from throughout the globe.
Boarding schools with a reputation for quality have a list of applicants.
The list of applicants for boarding schools with a reputation for quality far exceeds their capacity.
Harvard was established originally by the Massachusetts legislature.
Harvard was soon thereafter named for John Harvard.
John Harvard was the first benefactor of Harvard.
Harvard is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States.
The Harvard Corporation is formally known as the President and Fellows of Harvard College.
The Harvard Corporation is the first chartered corporation of Harvard.
The early College was never formally affiliated with any denomination.
The early College primarily trained Congregationalist clergy.
The early College primarily trained Unitarian clergy.
The curriculum of Harvard was gradually secularized during the 18th century.
The student body of Harvard was gradually secularized during the 18th century.
By the 19th century, Harvard had emerged as the central cultural establishment among Boston elites.
The American Civil War occurred.
Charles W was the President following the American Civil War.
Eliot's long tenure lasted from 1869 to 1909.
Eliot's long tenure transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university.
Harvard was a founding member of the Association of American Universities.
The Association of American Universities was founded in 1900.
James Bryant Conant led the university through the Great Depression.
James Bryant Conant led the university through World War II.
James Bryant Conant began to reform the curriculum after World War II.
James Bryant Conant began to liberalize admissions after World War II.
The undergraduate college became coeducational after its merger with Radcliffe College in 1977.
Radcliffe College was involved in the merger with the undergraduate college in 1977.
Harvard is a large research university.
Harvard is a highly residential university.
The nominal cost of attendance is high.
The University has a large endowment.
The large endowment of the University allows it to offer generous financial aid packages.
It operates several arts museums.
It operates several cultural museums.
It operates several scientific museums.
It operates the Harvard Library.
The Harvard Library is the world's largest academic and private library system.
The Harvard Library comprises 79 individual libraries.
The Harvard Library has over 18 million volumes.
Harvard's alumni include eight individuals.
The eight individuals are notable for their achievements.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
There are several foreign heads of state.
There are 62 living billionaires.
There are 335 Rhodes Scholars.
There are 242 Marshall Scholars.
Some 150 Nobel laureates have been affiliated as students, faculty, or staff.
Some 18 Fields Medalists have been affiliated as students, faculty, or staff.
Some 13 Turing Award winners have been affiliated as students, faculty, or staff.
The University is organized into eleven separate academic units.
The eleven separate academic units consist of ten faculties and the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.
The University has campuses throughout the Boston metropolitan area.
The main campus of the University is 209 acres in size.
The main campus of the University is centered on Harvard Yard in Cambridge.
Harvard Yard is approximately 3 miles northwest of Boston.
The business school and athletics facilities are located across the Charles River.
The athletics facilities include Harvard Stadium.
The business school and athletics facilities are located in the Allston neighborhood of Boston.
The medical, dental, and public health schools are located in the Longwood Medical Area.
Harvard's amount is $37.
The financial endowment is 6 billion.
The financial endowment is the largest of any academic institution.
Harvard was formed in 1636.
Harvard was formed by a vote of the Great and General Court of the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
The entity was initially called 'New College'.
The entity was also called 'the college at New Towne'.
In 1638, the college became home for North America's first known printing press.
The printing press was carried by the ship John of London.
In 1639, the college was renamed Harvard College.
Harvard College was named after John Harvard.
John Harvard was a deceased clergyman.
John Harvard was an alumnus of the University of Cambridge.
He had left £779 to the school.
He had left a library of some 400 books to the school.
The charter creating the Harvard Corporation was granted in 1650.
In the early years, the College trained many Puritan ministers.
A 1643 publication stated the school's purpose was to advance learning.
The school's purpose was to perpetuate learning to posterity.
The authors of the 1643 publication expressed a concern about leaving an illiterate ministry to the churches.
The authors of the 1643 publication mentioned that the current ministers shall lie in the dust.
The institution offered a classic curriculum on the English university model.
Many leaders in the colony had attended the University of Cambridge.
The institution conformed to Puritanism.
The institution was never affiliated with any particular denomination.
Many of the earliest graduates of the institution went on to become clergymen.
The clergymen served in Congregational churches.
The clergymen served in Unitarian churches.
Throughout the 18th century, Enlightenment ideas of the power of reason became widespread among Congregationalist ministers.
Throughout the 18th century, Enlightenment ideas of free will became widespread among Congregationalist ministers.
The widespread Enlightenment ideas put Congregationalist ministers in tension with more traditionalist parties.
The traditionalist parties were Calvinist parties.
The widespread Enlightenment ideas put congregations of Congregationalist ministers in tension with more traditionalist parties.
David Tappan was the Hollis Professor of Divinity.
David Tappan died in 1803.
Joseph Willard was the president of Harvard.
Joseph Willard died a year later in 1804.
A struggle broke out over the replacements of David Tappan and Joseph Willard.
Henry Ware was elected to the chair in 1805.
Samuel Webber was a liberal.
Samuel Webber was appointed to the presidency of Harvard two years later.
The appointment of Samuel Webber signaled the changing of the tide at Harvard.
The changing of the tide at Harvard was from the dominance of traditional ideas to the dominance of liberal, Arminian ideas.
Traditionalists defined liberal, Arminian ideas as Unitarian ideas.
In 1846, the natural history lectures of Louis Agassiz were acclaimed in New York.
In 1846, the natural history lectures of Louis Agassiz were acclaimed on the campus at Harvard College.
Louis Agassiz was a lecturer in natural history.
Agassiz's approach was distinctly idealist.
Agassiz posited Americans' participation in the Divine Nature.
Agassiz posited the possibility of understanding intellectual existences.
Agassiz's perspective on science combined observation with intuition.
Agassiz's perspective on science included the assumption that a person can grasp the 'divine plan' in all phenomena.
Agassiz resorted to matters of shape when explaining life-forms.
Agassiz based his evidence on a presumed archetype.
This dual view of knowledge was in concert with the teachings of Common Sense Realism.
Common Sense Realism was derived from Scottish philosophers Thomas Reid and Dugald Stewart.
The works of Thomas Reid were part of the Harvard curriculum at the time.
The works of Dugald Stewart were part of the Harvard curriculum at the time.
The popularity of Agassiz's efforts to 'soar with Plato' probably derived from other writings.
Harvard students were exposed to other writings.
The other writings included Platonic treatises by Ralph Cudworth.
Ralph Cudworth wrote Platonic treatises.
The other writings included Platonic treatises by John Norris.
John Norris wrote Platonic treatises.
The other writings included writings by Samuel Coleridge.
Samuel Coleridge wrote in a Romantic vein.
The library records at Harvard reveal information about the writings of Plato.
The writings of Plato were almost as regularly read during the 19th century as the writings of his early modern and Romantic followers.
The writings of the 'official philosophy' of the more empirical and more deistic Scottish school were also read during the 19th century.
Charles W is a named entity.
Eliot was the president from 1869 to 1909.
Eliot eliminated the favored position of Christianity from the curriculum.
Eliot opened the curriculum to student self-direction.
Eliot was the most crucial figure in the secularization of American higher education.
Eliot was motivated not by a desire to secularize education.
Eliot was motivated by Transcendentalist Unitarian convictions.
The convictions were derived from William Ellery Channing.
The convictions were derived from Ralph Waldo Emerson.
The convictions were focused on the dignity of human nature.
The convictions were focused on the worth of human nature.
The convictions were focused on the right of each person to perceive truth.
The convictions were focused on the ability of each person to perceive truth.
The convictions were focused on the indwelling God in each person.
James Bryant Conant was the president from 1933 to 1953.
James Bryant Conant reinvigorated creative scholarship.
James Bryant Conant aimed to guarantee the preeminence of creative scholarship among research institutions.
He saw higher education as a vehicle of opportunity for the talented.
He did not see higher education as an entitlement for the wealthy.
Conant devised programs to identify talented youth.
Conant devised programs to recruit talented youth.
Conant devised programs to support talented youth.
In 1943, a person asked the faculty to make a definitive statement about what general education ought to be.
The request for a definitive statement about general education applied to the secondary level.
The request for a definitive statement about general education applied to the college level.
The resulting Report was published in 1945.
The resulting Report was one of the most influential manifestos in the history of American education in the 20th century.
Women remained segregated at Radcliffe.
More and more women took Harvard classes.
Harvard's undergraduate population remained predominantly male.
About four men attended Harvard College for every woman studying at Radcliffe.
The merger of Harvard and Radcliffe admissions occurred in 1977.
Following the merger of Harvard and Radcliffe admissions, the proportion of female undergraduates steadily increased.
The increase in the proportion of female undergraduates mirrored a trend throughout higher education in the United States.
Harvard's graduate schools had accepted females in greater numbers even before the college.
Harvard's graduate schools had accepted other groups in greater numbers even before the college.
Harvard's graduate schools became more diverse in the post-World War II period.
Harvard's main campus is 209 acres in size.
Harvard's main campus is located in Cambridge.
Harvard Yard is the center of Harvard's main campus.
Harvard's main campus is about 3 miles west-northwest of the State House in downtown Boston.
Harvard's main campus extends into the surrounding Harvard Square neighborhood.
Harvard Yard contains the central administrative offices of Harvard University.
Harvard Yard contains the main libraries of Harvard University.
Harvard Yard contains academic buildings including Sever Hall.
Harvard Yard contains University Hall.
Harvard Yard contains Memorial Church.
Harvard Yard contains the majority of the freshman dormitories of Harvard University.
Sophomore undergraduates live in residential Houses.
Junior undergraduates live in residential Houses.
Senior undergraduates live in residential Houses.
There are twelve residential Houses.
Nine of the residential Houses are located south of Harvard Yard.
Nine of the residential Houses are located along or near the Charles River.
The other three are located in a residential neighborhood.
The residential neighborhood is half a mile northwest of the Yard at the Quadrangle.
The Yard at the Quadrangle is commonly referred to as the Quad.
The Quad formerly housed Radcliffe College students.
Radcliffe College merged its residential system with Harvard.
Each residential house contains rooms for undergraduates.
Each residential house contains rooms for house masters.
Each residential house contains rooms for resident tutors.
Each residential house contains a dining hall.
Each residential house contains a library.
The facilities were made possible by a gift.
The gift was from Yale University alumnus Edward Harkness.
Edward Harkness was an alumnus of Yale University.
The Harvard Business School is located on a 358-acre campus.
The campus is opposite the Cambridge campus in Allston.
Many of the university's athletics facilities are located on the 358-acre campus.
Harvard Stadium is one of the university's athletics facilities.
The John W is a named entity.
Weeks Bridge is a pedestrian bridge.
Weeks Bridge is located over the Charles River.
Weeks Bridge connects both campuses.
The Harvard Medical School is located on a 21-acre property.
The Harvard School of Dental Medicine is located on a 21-acre property.
The Harvard School of Public Health is located on a 21-acre property.
The 21-acre property is the combined location of the Harvard Medical School, Harvard School of Dental Medicine, and the Harvard School of Public Health.
The campus is located in the Longwood Medical and Academic Area.
The size of the campus is approximately 5 hectares.
The Longwood Medical and Academic Area is a specific geographic location.
3 miles is a unit of distance.
5 is a numerical value.
The location is 3 kilometers southwest of downtown Boston.
3 miles is a unit of distance.
5 is a numerical value.
The distance is 3 kilometers.
The location is south of the Cambridge campus.
Harvard has purchased tracts of land in Allston.
Allston is a location that is a walk across the Charles River from Cambridge.
Harvard has the intent of major expansion southward.
The university owns approximately fifty percent more land in Allston than in Cambridge.
The university owns land in Allston.
The university owns land in Cambridge.
The amount of land owned by the university in Allston is approximately fifty percent more than the amount of land owned by the university in Cambridge.
Proposals exist to connect the Cambridge campus with the new Allston campus.
Proposals include new bridges.
Proposals include enlarged bridges.
Proposals include a shuttle service.
Proposals include a tram.
Plans call for sinking part of Storrow Drive.
Sinking part of Storrow Drive will occur at Harvard's expense.
Sinking part of Storrow Drive will be replaced with park land.
Sinking part of Storrow Drive will provide pedestrian access to the Charles River.
Plans also call for the construction of bike paths throughout the Allston campus.
Plans also call for the construction of buildings throughout the Allston campus.
The institution asserts that such expansion will benefit the school.
The institution asserts that such expansion will benefit the surrounding community.
The institution points to enhanced transit infrastructure as a feature of the expansion.
The institution points to possible shuttles open to the public as a feature of the expansion.
The institution points to park space which will also be publicly accessible as a feature of the expansion.
Harvard has 2,400 professors.
Harvard has lecturers.
Harvard has instructors.
Harvard's professors, lecturers, and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates.
Harvard's professors, lecturers, and instructors instruct 14,000 graduate students.
The school color is crimson.
Crimson is also the name of the Harvard sports teams.
Crimson is the name of the daily newspaper.
The daily newspaper is named The Harvard Crimson.
The color was unofficially adopted by a vote of the student body in 1875.
The color was adopted in preference to magenta.
The association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858.
Charles William Eliot was a young graduate student in 1858.
Charles William Eliot would later become Harvard's 21st president.
Charles William Eliot was Harvard's longest-serving president from 1869 to 1909.
Charles William Eliot bought red bandanas for his crew.
The red bandanas were bought so the crew could be more easily distinguished by spectators at a regatta.
Harvard has the largest university endowment.
The university endowment is the largest in the world.
As of September 2011, the entity had nearly regained the loss suffered during the 2008 recession.
The 2008 recession was a significant economic downturn.
The value was worth $32 billion in 2011.
The value was up from $28 billion in September 2010.
The value was up from $26 billion in 2009.
The entity suffered a loss in 2008-09.
The loss was about 30%.
In December 2008, Harvard announced that its endowment had lost 22%.
The loss of 22% from July to October 2008 was approximately $8 billion.
The loss in the endowment necessitated budget cuts.
Later reports suggest that the loss was actually more than double a certain figure.
The reduction was nearly 50% of its endowment in the first four months alone.
Forbes estimated the loss in March 2009.
The estimated loss was in the range of $12 billion.
One of the most visible results of Harvard's attempt to re-balance its budget was the halting of construction.
The construction was valued at $1.
The Allston Science Complex had a budget of 2 billion.
The Allston Science Complex had been scheduled to be completed by 2011.
The schedule for the completion of the Allston Science Complex resulted in protests from local residents.
As of 2012, Harvard University had a total financial aid reserve of $159 million for students.
Harvard University had a Pell Grant reserve of $4 million.
093 million is available for disbursement.
During the divestment from South Africa movement in the late 1980s, student activists erected a symbolic shantytown on Harvard Yard.
Student activists blockaded a speech given by Duke Kent-Brown.
Duke Kent-Brown was the South African Vice Consul.
The Harvard Management Company repeatedly refused to divest.
The Harvard Management Company stated that operating expenses must not be subject to financially unrealistic strictures.
The Harvard Management Company stated that operating expenses must not be subject to carping by the unsophisticated.
The Harvard Management Company stated that operating expenses must not be subject to carping by special interest groups.
The university did eventually reduce its South African holdings by $230 million.
The total South African holdings of the university were $400 million.
The reduction in South African holdings was in response to pressure.
Undergraduate admission to Harvard is characterized by the Carnegie Foundation.
The Carnegie Foundation describes undergraduate admission to Harvard as more selective.
The Carnegie Foundation describes undergraduate admission to Harvard as lower transfer-in.
Harvard College accepted 5.
3% of applicants were for the class of 2019.
3% of applicants for the class of 2019 represents a record low.
3% of applicants for the class of 2019 is the second lowest acceptance rate among all national universities.
Harvard College ended its early admissions program in 2007.
The early admissions program was believed to disadvantage low-income applicants.
The early admissions program was believed to disadvantage under-represented minority applicants.
The early admissions program was believed to disadvantage applicants applying to selective universities.
For the class of 2016, an Early Action program was reintroduced.
The four-year, full-time undergraduate program comprises a minority of enrollments at the university.
The four-year, full-time undergraduate program emphasizes instruction with an arts and sciences focus.
Between 1978 and 2008, entering students were required to complete a core curriculum.
The core curriculum consisted of seven classes.
The seven classes were outside of the students' concentration.
Since 2008, undergraduate students have been required to complete courses in eight General Education categories.
The eight General Education categories are Aesthetic and Interpretive Understanding.
The eight General Education categories are Culture and Belief.
The eight General Education categories are Empirical and Mathematical Reasoning.
The eight General Education categories are Ethical Reasoning.
The eight General Education categories are Science of Living Systems.
The eight General Education categories are Science of the Physical Universe.
The eight General Education categories are Societies of the World.
The eight General Education categories are United States in the World.
Harvard offers a comprehensive doctoral graduate program.
There is a high level of coexistence between graduate degrees and undergraduate degrees at Harvard.
The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching has criticized Harvard for its reliance on teaching fellows for some aspects of undergraduate education.
The New York Times has criticized Harvard for its reliance on teaching fellows for some aspects of undergraduate education.
Some students have criticized Harvard for its reliance on teaching fellows for some aspects of undergraduate education.
The critics consider the reliance on teaching fellows to adversely affect the quality of education.
Harvard's academic programs operate on a semester calendar.
The semester calendar begins in early September.
The semester calendar ends in mid-May.
Undergraduates typically take four half-courses per term.
Undergraduates must maintain a four-course rate average to be considered full-time.
In many concentrations, students can elect to pursue a basic program.
In many concentrations, students can elect to pursue an honors-eligible program.
The honors-eligible program requires a senior thesis.
The honors-eligible program requires advanced course work.
Students graduating in the top 4–5% of the class are awarded degrees summa cum laude.
Students in the next 15% of the class are awarded degrees magna cum laude.
Students in the next 30% of the class are awarded degrees cum laude.
Harvard has chapters of academic honor societies.
One of the academic honor societies at Harvard is Phi Beta Kappa.
Various committees at Harvard award several hundred named prizes annually.
Various departments at Harvard award several hundred named prizes annually.
Harvard has been accused of grade inflation.
Harvard is along with other universities in this accusation.
There is evidence that the quality of the student body has increased.
There is evidence that the motivation of the student body has increased.
Harvard College reduced the number of students who receive Latin honors from 90% in 2004.
Harvard College reduced the number of students who receive Latin honors to 60% in 2005.
The honors of 'John Harvard Scholar' will now be given only to the top 5 percent of each class.
The honors of 'Harvard College Scholar' will now be given only to the next 5 percent of each class.
For the 2012–13 school year, the annual tuition was $38,000.
The total cost of attendance for the 2012–13 school year was $57,000.
Beginning in 2007, families with incomes below $60,000 pay nothing for their children to attend.
The payment includes room and board.
Families with incomes between $60,000 to $80,000 pay only a few thousand dollars per year.
Families earning between $120,000 and $180,000 pay no more than 10% of their annual incomes.
In 2009, Harvard offered grants totaling $414 million across all eleven divisions.
The total amount of grants offered by Harvard in 2009 was $414 million.
$340 million of the grants came from institutional funds.
$35 million of the grants came from federal support.
$39 million of the grants came from other outside support.
Grants total 88% of Harvard's aid for undergraduate students.
Aid is also provided by loans, which account for 8% of the total aid.
Aid is also provided by work-study, which accounts for 4% of the total aid.
The Harvard University Library System is centered in Widener Library.
Widener Library is located in Harvard Yard.
The Harvard University Library System comprises nearly 80 individual libraries.
The individual libraries in the Harvard University Library System hold over 18 million volumes.
The American Library Association provides information about academic libraries.
The academic library referred to is the largest academic library in the United States.
The academic library referred to is one of the largest academic libraries in the world.
Cabot Science Library is one of the most popular libraries for undergraduates to use.
Lamont Library is one of the most popular libraries for undergraduates to use.
Widener Library is one of the most popular libraries for undergraduates to use.
Cabot Science Library has easy access and a central location.
Lamont Library has easy access and a central location.
Widener Library has easy access and a central location.
There are rare books throughout Harvard's libraries.
There are manuscripts throughout Harvard's libraries.
There are other special collections throughout Harvard's libraries.
Houghton Library consists principally of rare and unique materials.
The Arthur and Elizabeth Schlesinger Library on the History of Women in America consists principally of rare and unique materials.
The Harvard University Archives consist principally of rare and unique materials.
America's oldest collection of maps is stored in Pusey Library.
America's oldest collection of gazetteers is stored in Pusey Library.
America's oldest collection of atlases is stored in Pusey Library.
The collection of maps, gazetteers, and atlases is both old and new.
The collection in Pusey Library is open to the public.
The largest collection of East-Asian language material is held in the Harvard-Yenching Library.
The Harvard-Yenching Library is located outside of East Asia.
Harvard operates several museums.
The museums operated by Harvard include arts museums.
The museums operated by Harvard include cultural museums.
The museums operated by Harvard include scientific museums.
The Harvard Art Museums is an institution.
The Harvard Art Museums comprises three museums.
The Arthur M is a named entity.
The Sackler Museum includes collections of ancient art.
The Sackler Museum includes collections of Asian art.
The Sackler Museum includes collections of Islamic art.
The Sackler Museum includes collections of later Indian art.
The Busch-Reisinger Museum was formerly known as the Germanic Museum.
The Busch-Reisinger Museum covers central European art.
The Busch-Reisinger Museum covers northern European art.
The Fogg Museum of Art covers Western art from the Middle Ages to the present.
The Fogg Museum of Art emphasizes Italian early Renaissance art.
The Fogg Museum of Art emphasizes British pre-Raphaelite art.
The Fogg Museum of Art emphasizes 19th-century French art.
The Harvard Museum of Natural History includes the Harvard Mineralogical Museum.
The Harvard Museum of Natural History includes the Harvard University Herbaria.
The Harvard University Herbaria features the Blaschka Glass Flowers exhibit.
The Harvard Museum of Natural History includes the Museum of Comparative Zoology.
The Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts is a museum.
The Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts was designed by Le Corbusier.
The Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts houses a film archive.
The Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology is a museum.
The Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology specializes in the cultural history and civilizations of the Western Hemisphere.
The Semitic Museum is a museum.
The Semitic Museum features artifacts from excavations in the Middle East.
Harvard has been highly ranked by many university rankings.
The entity has consistently topped the Academic Ranking of World Universities since 2003.
The Academic Ranking of World Universities is abbreviated as ARWU.
The entity has consistently topped the THE World Reputation Rankings since 2011.
2011 was the first time the THE World Reputation Rankings were published.
The QS and Times were published in partnership as the THE-QS World University Rankings during 2004-2009.
Harvard was regarded as the first in every year during 2004-2009.
The University's undergraduate program has been continuously among the top two undergraduate programs in the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
News & World Report is a publication.
In 2014, Harvard topped the University Ranking by Academic Performance.
The entity was ranked 8th on the 2013-2014 PayScale College Salary Report.
The entity was ranked 14th on the 2013 PayScale College Education Value Rankings.
A poll was done by The Princeton Review.
Harvard is the second most commonly named 'dream college' for students in 2013.
Harvard is the second most commonly named 'dream college' for parents in 2013.
Harvard was the first nominated 'dream college' by parents in 2009.
In 2011, the Mines ParisTech : Professional Ranking World Universities ranked Harvard as the 1st university in the world.
The ranking was based on the number of alumni holding CEO positions in Fortune Global 500 companies.
The Harvard Crimson competes in intercollegiate sports.
The Harvard Crimson competes in 42 intercollegiate sports.
The intercollegiate sports are part of the NCAA Division I Ivy League.
Harvard has an intense athletic rivalry with Yale University.
The athletic rivalry between Harvard and Yale University culminates in The Game.
The Harvard–Yale Regatta predates the football game.
The rivalry between Harvard and Yale is put aside every two years.
The Harvard Track and Field team comes together with the Yale Track and Field team.
The Harvard and Yale Track and Field teams compete against a combined Oxford University and Cambridge University team.
The competition between the Harvard and Yale Track and Field teams and the combined Oxford University and Cambridge University team is the oldest continuous international amateur competition in the world.
Harvard has an athletic rivalry with Yale.
The athletic rivalry between Harvard and Yale is intense in every sport in which Harvard and Yale meet.
The athletic rivalry comes to a climax each fall in the annual football meeting.
The annual football meeting between Harvard and Yale dates back to 1875.
The annual football meeting is usually called simply 'The Game'.
Harvard's football team is no longer one of the country's best.
Harvard's football team often was one of the country's best a century ago during football's early days.
Harvard's football team won the Rose Bowl in 1920.
Both Harvard's football team and Yale's football team have influenced the way the game is played.
In 1903, Harvard Stadium introduced a new era into football.
Harvard Stadium was the first-ever permanent reinforced concrete stadium of its kind in the country.
The stadium's structure played a role in the evolution of the college game.
The stadium's structure is a significant factor in the development of the college game.
Walter Camp is a former captain of the Yale football team.
Walter Camp sought to reduce the alarming number of deaths and serious injuries in the sport.
Walter Camp suggested widening the field to open up the game.
The stadium was too narrow.
The stadium was too narrow to accommodate a wider playing surface.
Other steps had to be taken.
Camp would support revolutionary new rules for the 1906 season.
The rule change included legalizing the forward pass.
Legalizing the forward pass is perhaps the most significant rule change in the history of the sport.
Harvard has several athletic facilities.
The Lavietes Pavilion is one of the athletic facilities at Harvard.
The Lavietes Pavilion is a multi-purpose arena.
The Lavietes Pavilion is the home to the Harvard basketball teams.
The Malkin Athletic Center is known as the 'MAC'.
The Malkin Athletic Center serves as the university's primary recreation facility.
The Malkin Athletic Center serves as a satellite location for several varsity sports.
The five-story building includes two cardio rooms.
The five-story building includes an Olympic-size swimming pool.
The five-story building includes a smaller pool for aquaerobics and other activities.
The five-story building includes a mezzanine.
All types of classes are held in the mezzanine.
The five-story building includes an indoor cycling studio.
The five-story building includes three weight rooms.
The five-story building includes a three-court gym floor.
The three-court gym floor is used to play basketball.
The MAC offers personal trainers.
The MAC offers specialty classes.
Harvard volleyball is hosted at the location.
Harvard fencing is hosted at the location.
Harvard wrestling is hosted at the location.
The offices of several varsity coaches are in the MAC.
The varsity coaches are associated with the school.
The Harvard-Yale Regatta is older than The Game by 23 years.
The Harvard-Yale Regatta was the original source of the athletic rivalry between Harvard University and Yale University.
The event is held annually in June.
The event takes place on the Thames River.
The Thames River is located in eastern Connecticut.
The Harvard crew is typically considered to be one of the top teams in the country.
The Harvard crew is a rowing team.
Today, Harvard fields top teams in several sports.
The Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey team has a strong rivalry against Cornell.
Harvard fields a top team in squash.
Harvard recently won NCAA titles in Men's Fencing.
Harvard recently won NCAA titles in Women's Fencing.
Harvard won the Intercollegiate Sailing Association National Championships in 2003.
Ban Ki-moon was the Secretary General.
John Hancock was an American political leader.
John Adams was an American political leader.
John Quincy Adams was an American political leader.
Rutherford B was an American political leader.
Hayes was a historical figure.
Theodore Roosevelt was a historical figure.
Franklin D. Roosevelt was a historical figure.
Roosevelt is a person.
John F. Roosevelt is a specific individual.
Kennedy is a named entity.
Al Gore is a named entity.
George W is a named entity.
Bush is a named entity.
Barack Obama is a named entity.
Sebastián Piñera is the President of Chile.
Juan Manuel Santos is the President of Colombia.
José María Figueres is the President of Costa Rica.
Felipe Calderón is a former President of Mexico.
Carlos Salinas de Gortari is a former President of Mexico.
Miguel de la Madrid is a former President of Mexico.
Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj is the President of Mongolia.
Alejandro Toledo is the President of Peru.
Ma Ying-jeou is the President of Taiwan.
David Lloyd Johnston is the Governor General of Canada.
Jayant Sinha is a Member of Parliament in India.
Fan S is the Prime Minister of Albania.
Noli is a named entity.
Mackenzie King was a Canadian Prime Minister.
Pierre Trudeau was a Canadian Prime Minister.
Antonis Samaras was a Greek Prime Minister.
Benjamin Netanyahu was an Israeli Prime Minister.
Benazir Bhutto was a former Pakistani Prime Minister.
Shaun Donovan is the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
Michael Ignatieff is a Canadian political leader.
Murtaza Bhutto is a Member of the Provincial Assembly in Pakistan.
Sanam Bhutto is a Member of the Provincial Assembly in Pakistan.
Abul Maal Abdul Muhith is the Minister of Finance in Bangladesh.
Abdiweli Mohamed Ali is the President of Puntland.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Anthony Luzzatto Gardner is the Ambassador to the European Union.
W was a civil rights leader.
Du Bois was a philosopher.
Henry David Thoreau was a philosopher.
Ralph Waldo Emerson was an author.
William S was an author.
Burroughs is a named entity.
Werner Baer is an educator.
Harlan Hanson is an educator.
Wallace Stevens is a poet.
T is a named entity.
Eliot is a named entity.
E is a named entity.
Cummings is a named entity.
Leonard Bernstein was a conductor.
Yo Yo Ma was a cellist.
Charlie Albright was a pianist and composer.
John Alden Carpenter was a composer.
Conan O'Brien was a comedian, television show host, and writer.
Tatyana Ali was an actor.
Nestor Carbonell was an actor.
Matt Damon was an actor.
Fred Gwynne was an actor.
Hill Harper was an actor.
Rashida Jones was an actor.
Tommy Lee Jones was an actor.
Ashley Judd was an actor.
Jack Lemmon was an actor.
Natalie Portman was an actor.
Mira Sorvino was an actor.
Elisabeth Shue was an actor.
Scottie Thompson was an actor.
Darren Aronofsky was a film director.
Terrence Malick was a film director.
Mira Nair was a film director.
Whit Stillman was a film director.
Philip Johnson was an architect.
Rivers Cuomo was a musician.
Tom Morello was a musician.
Gram Parsons was a musician.
Ryan Leslie was a musician, producer, and composer.
Ted Kaczynski was a serial killer.
Richard Stallman was a programmer and activist.
Ryan Fitzpatrick was an NFL quarterback.
Matt Birk was an NFL center.
Jeremy Lin was an NBA player.
Ryan Max Riley was a US Ski Team skier.
Sachin H was a physician.
Jain is a physicist.
Robert Oppenheimer was a computer pioneer and inventor.
An Wang was a computer pioneer and inventor.
George de Roerich was a Tibetologist.
Isoroku Yamamoto was a Marshall Admiral.
Harvard's faculty includes scholars.
E is a biologist.
Wilson is a named entity.
Steven Pinker is a cognitive scientist.
Lisa Randall is a physicist.
Roy Glauber is a physicist.
Elias Corey is a chemist.
Dudley R is a chemist.
Herschbach is a named entity.
George M is a named entity.
Michael O. Whitesides is a computer scientist.
Rabin and Leslie Valiant are named entities.
Stephen Greenblatt is a Shakespeare scholar.
Louis Menand is a writer.
Helen Vendler is a critic.
Henry Louis Gates, Jr. is a historian.
Niall Ferguson is an economist.
Amartya Sen is an economist.
Gregory Mankiw is a named entity.
Robert Barro is a named entity.
Stephen A is a named entity.
Don M. Marglin is a named entity.
Wilson III is a political philosopher.
Martin Feldstein is a political philosopher.
Harvey Mansfield is a political philosopher.
Baroness Shirley Williams is a political philosopher.
Michael Sandel is a political philosopher.
Shing-Tung Yau is a Fields Medalist mathematician.
Robert Putnam is a political scientist.
Joseph Nye is a political scientist.
Stanley Hoffmann is a political scientist.
Robert Levin is a scholar/composer.
Bernard Rands is a scholar/composer.
Alyssa A is an astrophysicist.
Goodman is a named entity.
Alan Dershowitz is a legal scholar.
Lawrence Lessig is a legal scholar.
Jacksonville is the largest city by population in the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The state of Florida is a state in the United States.
The largest city by area in the contiguous United States is a city located in the state of Florida.
The city is the county seat of Duval County.
The city government consolidated with Duval County in 1968.
Consolidation gave Jacksonville its great size.
Consolidation placed most of Jacksonville's metropolitan population within the city limits.
Jacksonville had an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014.
Jacksonville is the most populous city proper in Florida.
Jacksonville is the most populous city proper in the Southeast.
Jacksonville is the 12th most populous city proper in the United States.
Jacksonville is the principal city in the Jacksonville metropolitan area.
The population of Jacksonville was 1,345,596 in 2010.
Jacksonville is in the First Coast region of northeast Florida.
Jacksonville is centered on the banks of the St. Johns River.
Johns River is located about 25 miles south of the Georgia state line.
Johns River is located about 340 miles north of Miami.
The distance from Johns River to the Georgia state line is approximately 25 miles.
The distance from Johns River to Miami is approximately 340 miles.
The Jacksonville Beaches communities are located along the Atlantic coast.
The Atlantic coast is adjacent to the Jacksonville Beaches communities.
The area was originally inhabited by the Timucua people.
In 1564, the area was the site of the French colony of Fort Caroline.
Fort Caroline was one of the earliest European settlements in what is now the continental United States.
Under British rule, settlement grew at the narrow point in the river.
The narrow point in the river was known as Wacca Pilatka to the Seminole.
The narrow point in the river was known as the Cow Ford to the British.
Cattle crossed at the narrow point in the river.
A platted town was established in 1822.
The establishment of the platted town occurred a year after the United States gained Florida from Spain.
The platted town was named after Andrew Jackson.
Andrew Jackson was the first military governor of the Florida Territory.
Andrew Jackson was the seventh President of the United States.
Harbor improvements have occurred since the late 19th century.
Harbor improvements have made Jacksonville a major military deep-water port.
Harbor improvements have made Jacksonville a major civilian deep-water port.
The riverine location facilitates two United States Navy bases.
The riverine location facilitates the Port of Jacksonville.
The Port of Jacksonville is Florida's third largest seaport.
The two US Navy bases are Blount Island Command and Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay.
Blount Island Command is a US Navy base.
Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay is a nearby US Navy base.
Blount Island Command and Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay form the third largest military presence in the United States.
Significant factors in the local economy include services.
Services include banking.
Services include insurance.
Services include healthcare.
Services include logistics.
Tourism is important to the Jacksonville area.
Much of Florida also relies on tourism.
The tourism in the Jacksonville area is particularly related to golf.
People from Jacksonville may be called Jacksonvillians.
People from Jacksonville may be called Jaxsons.
Jaxsons can also be spelled as Jaxons.
The area of the modern city of Jacksonville has been inhabited for thousands of years.
Black Hammock Island is located in the national Timucuan Ecological and Historic Preserve.
A team from the University of North Florida discovered some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the United States.
The pottery remnants date to 2500 BC.
In the 16th century, the region was inhabited by the Mocama.
The Mocama was a coastal subgroup of the Timucua people.
The 16th century marked the beginning of the historical era.
At the time of contact with Europeans, all Mocama villages in present-day Jacksonville were part of the powerful chiefdom known as the Saturiwa.
The Saturiwa was centered around the mouth of the St.
Johns River is a river.
One early map shows a village called Ossachite at the site of what is now downtown Jacksonville.
Ossachite may be the earliest recorded name for the area that is now downtown Jacksonville.
Jean Ribault was a French Huguenot explorer.
Jean Ribault charted the St.
Johns River was discovered in 1562.
Johns River was called the River of May.
Johns River was called the River of May because it was discovered in May.
Ribault erected a stone column near present-day Jacksonville.
Ribault claimed the newly discovered land for France.
In 1564, René Goulaine de Laudonnière established the first European settlement.
The first European settlement was Fort Caroline.
Fort Caroline was established on the St. Johns River.
Johns is located near the main village of the Saturiwa.
Philip II of Spain ordered Pedro Menéndez de Avilés to protect the interest of Spain.
Pedro Menéndez de Avilés was ordered to attack the French presence at Fort Caroline.
On September 20, 1565, a Spanish force was present.
The Spanish force came from the nearby Spanish settlement of St.
Augustine attacked Fort Caroline.
Augustine killed nearly all the French soldiers defending Fort Caroline.
The Spanish renamed the fort San Mateo.
The Spanish ejected the French.
Augustine's position was solidified.
Augustine was the most important settlement in Florida.
The location of Fort Caroline is subject to debate.
A reconstruction of Fort Caroline was established on the St.
Johns River was present in 1964.
Spain ceded Florida to the British in 1763.
The cession of Florida occurred after the French and Indian War.
The British soon constructed the King's Road.
The King's Road connected St.
Augustine is a city.
Georgia is a state.
The road crossed the St.
Johns River is located at a narrow point.
The Seminole called the narrow point Wacca Pilatka.
The British called the narrow point the Cow Ford or Cowford.
The names Wacca Pilatka and Cow Ford or Cowford reflect the fact that cattle were brought across the river at that location.
The British introduced the cultivation of sugar cane.
The British introduced the cultivation of indigo.
The British introduced the cultivation of fruits.
The British introduced the export of lumber.
The northeastern Florida area prospered economically.
The northeastern Florida area prospered economically more than it had under the Spanish.
Britain ceded control of the territory back to Spain in 1783.
Britain ceded control of the territory back to Spain after its defeat in the American Revolutionary War.
The settlement at the Cow Ford continued to grow.
Spain ceded the Florida Territory to the United States in 1821.
American settlers were located on the north side of the Cow Ford.
American settlers decided to plan a town.
American settlers laid out the streets and plats of the town.
The town was named Jacksonville.
Jacksonville was named after Andrew Jackson.
Andrew Jackson was a person.
Isaiah D is a leader.
Hart was a resident.
Residents wrote a charter for a town government.
The charter for a town government was approved by the Florida Legislative Council on February 9, 1832.
During the American Civil War, Jacksonville was a key supply point for hogs and cattle.
Hogs and cattle were being shipped from Florida to aid the Confederate cause.
The city was blockaded by Union forces.
Union forces gained control of the nearby Fort Clinch.
No battles were fought in Jacksonville proper.
The city changed hands several times between Union forces and Confederate forces.
The Skirmish of the Brick Church occurred in 1862.
The Skirmish of the Brick Church took place just outside Jacksonville proper.
The Skirmish of the Brick Church resulted in the first Confederate victory in Florida.
In February 1864, Union forces left Jacksonville.
Union forces confronted a Confederate Army at the Battle of Olustee.
The Battle of Olustee resulted in a Confederate victory.
Union forces retreated to Jacksonville.
Union forces held the city of Jacksonville for the remainder of the war.
In March 1864, a Confederate cavalry confronted a Union expedition.
The confrontation resulted in the Battle of Cedar Creek.
Warfare left the city disrupted after the war.
The long occupation left the city disrupted after the war.
During Reconstruction, Jacksonville was a city in the United States.
During the Gilded Age, Jacksonville was a city in the United States.
Jacksonville is located near St. Augustine.
St. Augustine is a city in the United States.
Augustine became a popular winter resort for the rich.
Augustine became a popular winter resort for the famous.
Visitors arrived by steamboat.
Visitors later arrived by railroad.
President Grover Cleveland attended the Sub-Tropical Exposition in the city on February 22, 1888.
The Sub-Tropical Exposition took place in the city.
President Grover Cleveland was on a trip to Florida.
The visibility of the state was highlighted.
The state is a worthy place for tourism.
The city's tourism was dealt major blows in the late 19th century.
The major blows to the city's tourism were caused by yellow fever outbreaks.
The Florida East Coast Railway extended further south.
The extension of the Florida East Coast Railway drew visitors to other areas.
From 1893 to 1938, Jacksonville was the site of the Florida Old Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Home.
There was a nearby cemetery.
On May 3, 1901, downtown Jacksonville was ravaged by a fire.
The fire started as a kitchen fire.
Spanish moss at a nearby mattress factory was quickly engulfed in flames.
The engulfing of Spanish moss in flames enabled the fire to spread rapidly.
In just eight hours, the event swept through 146 city blocks.
The event destroyed over 2,000 buildings.
The event left about 10,000 people homeless.
The event killed 7 residents.
The Confederate Monument in Hemming Park was one of the only landmarks to survive the fire.
The Confederate Monument is located in Hemming Park.
The fire occurred in the vicinity of Hemming Park.
Governor Jennings declared martial law.
Governor Jennings sent the state militia to maintain order.
On May 17, municipal authority resumed in Jacksonville.
The glow from the flames could be seen in Savannah, Georgia.
The smoke plumes could be seen in Raleigh, North Carolina.
The event is known as the 'Great Fire of 1901'.
The Great Fire of 1901 was one of the worst disasters in Florida history.
The Great Fire of 1901 was the largest urban fire in the southeastern United States.
Henry John Klutho was an architect.
Henry John Klutho was a primary figure in the reconstruction of the city.
The first multi-story structure was built by Klutho.
The first multi-story structure was the Dyal-Upchurch Building.
The Dyal-Upchurch Building was built in 1902.
James Building was built on the previous site of the St.
The James Hotel burned down.
The James Hotel was built in 1912.
The James Hotel was Klutho's crowning achievement.
In the 1910s, New York–based filmmakers were attracted to Jacksonville's warm climate.
In the 1910s, New York–based filmmakers were attracted to Jacksonville's exotic locations.
In the 1910s, New York–based filmmakers were attracted to Jacksonville's excellent rail access.
In the 1910s, New York–based filmmakers were attracted to Jacksonville's cheap labor.
Over the course of the decade, more than 30 silent film studios were established.
The establishment of more than 30 silent film studios earned Jacksonville the title of 'Winter Film Capital of the World.'
The emergence of Hollywood as a major film production center occurred.
The emergence of Hollywood as a major film production center ended the city's film industry.
One converted movie studio site remains in Arlington.
The converted movie studio site is Norman Studios.
Norman Studios has been converted to the Jacksonville Silent Film Museum at Norman Studios.
Jacksonville is a large city in the United States.
Jacksonville suffered from negative effects of rapid urban sprawl after World War II.
Most large cities in the United States suffered from negative effects of rapid urban sprawl after World War II.
The construction of highways occurred.
The construction of highways led residents to move to newer housing.
Residents moved to newer housing in the suburbs.
After World War II, the government of the city of Jacksonville began to increase spending.
The increase in spending was to fund new public building projects.
The increase in spending occurred during the boom that happened after World War II.
Mayor W is a named entity.
Haydon Burns' Jacksonville Story resulted in the construction of a new city hall.
Haydon Burns' Jacksonville Story resulted in the construction of a civic auditorium.
Haydon Burns' Jacksonville Story resulted in the construction of a public library.
Haydon Burns' Jacksonville Story resulted in the construction of other projects.
The construction of these projects created a dynamic sense of civic pride.
The development of suburbs occurred.
A subsequent wave of middle class 'white flight' occurred.
The development of suburbs and the subsequent wave of middle class 'white flight' left Jacksonville with a much poorer population than before.
The city's most populous ethnic group is non-Hispanic white.
The population of non-Hispanic white declined from 75.
The percentage in 1970 was 8%.
The percentage increased to 55.
1% is a percentage.
1% was a target for the year 2010.
Much of the city's tax base dissipated.
The dissipation of the city's tax base led to problems with funding education.
The dissipation of the city's tax base led to problems with funding sanitation.
The dissipation of the city's tax base led to problems with funding traffic control.
The problems with funding education occurred within the city limits.
The problems with funding sanitation occurred within the city limits.
The problems with funding traffic control occurred within the city limits.
Residents in unincorporated suburbs had difficulty obtaining municipal services.
Municipal services include sewage and building code enforcement.
In 1958, a study recommended that the city of Jacksonville begin annexing outlying communities.
The purpose of annexing outlying communities was to create the needed tax base.
The needed tax base was intended to improve services throughout the county.
Voters outside the city limits rejected annexation plans.
The rejection of annexation plans occurred in six referendums.
The six referendums took place between 1960 and 1965.
Corruption scandals began to arise among many of the city's officials in the mid-1960s.
Many of the city's officials were mainly elected through the traditional old boy network.
A grand jury was convened to investigate.
11 officials were indicted.
More officials were forced to resign.
Jacksonville Consolidation was led by J.
Daniel Yates began to win more support during this period.
Claude Yates began to win more support during this period.
Daniel Yates and Claude Yates won support from inner city blacks.
Inner city blacks wanted more involvement in government.
Daniel Yates and Claude Yates won support from whites in the suburbs.
Whites in the suburbs wanted more services.
Whites in the suburbs wanted more control over the central city.
In 1964, all 15 of Duval County's public high schools lost their accreditation.
Duval County has 15 public high schools.
The proposals for government reform received added momentum.
Lower taxes were cited as a reason for a new consolidated government.
Increased economic development was cited as a reason for a new consolidated government.
Unification of the community was cited as a reason for a new consolidated government.
Better public spending was cited as a reason for a new consolidated government.
Effective administration by a more central authority was cited as a reason for a new consolidated government.
A consolidation referendum was held in 1967.
Voters approved the plan during the consolidation referendum.
On October 1, 1968, the governments merged.
The merger created the Consolidated City of Jacksonville.
Fire services were combined under the new government.
Police services were combined under the new government.
Health and welfare services were combined under the new government.
Recreation services were combined under the new government.
Public works services were combined under the new government.
Housing and urban development services were combined under the new government.
Then-Mayor Hans Tanzler posed with actress Lee Meredith behind a sign marking the new border of the 'Bold New City of the South.'
The occasion was honored by the pose of then-Mayor Hans Tanzler and actress Lee Meredith.
The new border of the 'Bold New City of the South' is located at Florida 13 and Julington Creek.
The Better Jacksonville Plan was promoted as a blueprint for Jacksonville's future.
The Better Jacksonville Plan was approved by Jacksonville voters in 2000.
The Better Jacksonville Plan authorized a half-penny sales tax.
This would generate most of the revenue required for the amount of $2.
The package of major projects is valued at 25 billion.
The package of major projects includes road improvements.
The package of major projects includes infrastructure improvements.
The package of major projects includes environmental preservation.
The package of major projects includes targeted economic development.
The package of major projects includes new public facilities.
The package of major projects includes improved public facilities.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 874.
Jacksonville has an area of 3 square miles.
3 square miles is equivalent to 2,264 km2.
Jacksonville is the largest city in land area in the contiguous United States.
Of the total area of Jacksonville, 86 is a specific measurement that is not fully provided.
7 square miles is a measurement of land area.
7 square miles is equivalent to 1,962 square kilometers.
13 is mentioned but lacks context.
34% is a percentage.
116 is a numerical value.
7 square miles is a measurement of area.
302 square kilometers is a measurement of area.
The area of 7 square miles is equivalent to 302 square kilometers.
The area of 7 square miles consists of water.
Jacksonville surrounds the town of Baldwin.
Nassau County lies to the north.
Baker County lies to the west.
Clay County lies to the west.
St. Johns County lies to the west.
Johns County lies to the south.
The Atlantic Ocean lies to the east.
The Jacksonville Beaches lie to the east.
Johns River divides the city.
The Trout River is a major tributary of the St.
Johns River is located entirely within Jacksonville.
The tallest building in Downtown Jacksonville's skyline is the Bank of America Tower.
The Bank of America Tower was constructed in 1990.
The Bank of America Tower was originally named the Barnett Center.
The structure has a height of 617 feet.
The height of the structure is equivalent to 188 meters.
The structure includes 42 floors.
Other notable structures include the 37-story Wells Fargo Center.
The Wells Fargo Center has a distinctive flared base.
The Wells Fargo Center is the defining building in the Jacksonville skyline.
The Wells Fargo Center was originally built in 1972-74.
The Wells Fargo Center was built by the Independent Life and Accident Insurance Company.
Other notable structures include the 28-floor Riverplace Tower.
The Riverplace Tower was completed in 1967.
The Riverplace Tower was the tallest precast, post-tensioned concrete structure in the world when completed.
Jacksonville is located in the south Atlantic region of the United States.
Jacksonville has a humid subtropical climate.
The Köppen climate classification for Jacksonville is Cfa.
Jacksonville experiences mild weather during winters.
Jacksonville experiences hot and humid weather during summers.
Seasonal rainfall is concentrated in the warmest months from May through September.
The driest months are from November through April.
Jacksonville has a low latitude.
Jacksonville has a coastal location.
Jacksonville sees very little cold weather.
Winters in Jacksonville are typically mild.
Winters in Jacksonville are typically sunny.
Summers can be hot.
Summers can be wet.
Summer thunderstorms with torrential but brief downpours are common.
Mean monthly temperatures range from around 53 F in January.
Mean monthly temperatures range to around 82 F in July.
High temperatures average 64 °F throughout the year.
High temperatures average 92 °F throughout the year.
High temperatures average 18 °C throughout the year.
High temperatures average 33 °C throughout the year.
High heat indices are common for the summer months in the area.
High heat indices above 110 °F are common in the area during the summer months.
The highest temperature recorded was 104 °F.
The highest temperature recorded was 40 °C.
The highest temperature was recorded on July 11, 1879.
The highest temperature was recorded on July 28, 1872.
Thunderstorms commonly erupt during a typical summer afternoon.
The rapid heating of the land causes certain phenomena.
The rapid heating of the land occurs relative to the water.
Extremely high humidity contributes to these phenomena.
Jacksonville has suffered less damage from hurricanes than most other east coast cities.
The threat of a direct hit by a major hurricane does exist for Jacksonville.
The city has only received one direct hit from a hurricane since 1871.
Jacksonville has experienced hurricane conditions more than a dozen times.
Jacksonville has experienced near-hurricane conditions more than a dozen times.
The storms that caused hurricane or near-hurricane conditions crossed the state from the Gulf of Mexico to the Atlantic Ocean.
The storms that caused hurricane or near-hurricane conditions passed to the north or south in the Atlantic.
The storms that passed to the north or south in the Atlantic brushed past the area.
The strongest effect on Jacksonville was from Hurricane Dora in 1964.
Hurricane Dora was the only recorded storm to hit the First Coast with sustained hurricane-force winds.
The eye crossed St.
Augustine had winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph.
110 mph is equivalent to 180 km/h.
The wind speed of 110 mph makes Augustine a strong Category 2 on the Saffir-Simpson Scale.
Jacksonville suffered damage from Tropical Storm Fay in 2008.
Tropical Storm Fay crisscrossed the state of Florida.
Tropical Storm Fay brought parts of Jacksonville under darkness for four days.
Four years prior to the event, Jacksonville was inundated by Hurricane Frances.
Four years prior to the event, Jacksonville was inundated by Hurricane Jeanne.
Hurricane Frances made landfall south of the area.
Hurricane Jeanne made landfall south of the area.
These tropical cyclones were the costliest indirect hits to Jacksonville.
Hurricane Floyd occurred in 1999.
Hurricane Floyd caused damage to Jacksonville Beach.
The damage caused by Hurricane Floyd was mainly to Jacksonville Beach.
During Floyd, the Jacksonville Beach pier was severely damaged.
The Jacksonville Beach pier was later demolished.
The rebuilt pier was later damaged by Fay.
The rebuilt pier was not destroyed.
Tropical Storm Bonnie would cause minor damage in 2004.
Tropical Storm Bonnie spawned a minor tornado in the process.
On May 28, 2012, Jacksonville was hit by Tropical Storm Beryl.
Tropical Storm Beryl packed winds up to 70 miles per hour.
70 miles per hour is equivalent to 113 kilometers per hour.
Tropical Storm Beryl made landfall near Jacksonville Beach.
Jacksonville is the most populous city in Florida.
Jacksonville is the twelfth most populous city in the United States.
As of 2010, there were 821,784 people in the city.
As of 2010, there were 366,273 households in the city.
Jacksonville has the country's tenth-largest Arab population.
The total Arab population in Jacksonville is 5,751.
The total Arab population in Jacksonville is according to the 2000 United States Census.
Jacksonville has Florida's largest Filipino American community.
The Filipino American community in Jacksonville has 25,033 individuals.
The count of 25,033 individuals in the Filipino American community is based on the 2010 Census.
The Filipino American community is located in the metropolitan area of Jacksonville.
Much of Jacksonville's Filipino community served in the United States Navy.
Much of Jacksonville's Filipino community has ties to the United States Navy.
As of 2010, there were 366,273 households.
The number of households was 366,273.
8% of the total were vacant.
9% of households had children under the age of 18 living with them.
43 is a numerical value that appears to be incomplete and lacks context.
8% of the individuals were married couples.
15 is a numerical value that is incomplete and lacks context.
2% of households had a female householder with no husband present.
36 is an incomplete statement and lacks context.
4% of the total were non-families.
7% of all households were made up of individuals.
7% is a percentage.
9% of the population had someone living alone.
The person living alone was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 2.
The average family size was 3.
The number 55 is mentioned.
In the city, the population was spread out.
The population was 23.
9% of the population is under the age of 18.
10 is a numerical value.
5% is a percentage.
The range from 18 to 24 is specified.
The number 28 is specified.
5% is a percentage.
25 is a number.
44 is a number.
26 is a number.
The range is from 25 to 44.
2% is a percentage.
The range from 45 to 64 is a numerical range.
10 is a numerical value.
9% of the population were 65 years of age or older.
The median age was 35.
5 years is a duration of time.
For every 100 females, there were 94 individuals.
There is 1 male.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91 individuals.
There are 3 males.
A study was conducted by the World Institute for Development Economics Research at United Nations University.
The study reports that the richest 1% of adults alone owned 40% of global assets in the year 2000.
The three richest people in the world possess financial assets.
The financial assets possessed by the three richest people in the world are more than the financial assets possessed by the lowest 48 nations combined.
The combined wealth of the 10 million dollar millionaires grew to nearly $41 trillion in 2008.
A January 2014 report was published by Oxfam.
The January 2014 report claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth.
The combined wealth of the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world is equal to that of the bottom 50% of the world's population.
The combined wealth of the bottom 50% of the world's population is about 3.
The number of people is 5 billion.
According to a Los Angeles Times analysis of the report, the wealthiest 1% owns 46% of the world's wealth.
The 85 richest people are a small part of the wealthiest 1%.
The 85 richest people own about 0% of the world's wealth.
7% of the human population's wealth exists.
7% of the human population's wealth is the same as the wealth of the bottom half of the human population.
In January 2015, Oxfam reported that the wealthiest 1 percent will own more than half of the global wealth by 2016.
Oxfam is an organization that reported on global wealth distribution.
The wealthiest 1 percent refers to the richest individuals in the world.
The global wealth refers to the total wealth accumulated by all individuals worldwide.
The prediction states that the wealthiest 1 percent will own more than half of the global wealth by 2016.
An October 2014 study was conducted by Credit Suisse.
The study claims that the top 1% now own nearly half of the world's wealth.
The study claims that the accelerating disparity could trigger a recession.
In October 2015, Credit Suisse published a study.
The study shows that global inequality continues to increase.
Half of the world's wealth is now in the hands of those in the top percentile.
The assets of individuals in the top percentile each exceed $759,900.
A 2016 report was published by Oxfam.
The 2016 report claims that the 62 wealthiest individuals own as much wealth as the poorer half of the global population combined.
Oxfam's claims have been questioned.
The questioning of Oxfam's claims is based on the methodology used.
The methodology used by Oxfam involves using net wealth.
Net wealth is calculated by adding up assets and subtracting debts.
The Oxfam report finds that there are more poor people in the United States than in China.
The Oxfam report finds that there are more poor people in Western Europe than in China.
The greater tendency to take on debts contributes to the findings of the Oxfam report.
Anthony Shorrocks is the lead author of the Credit Suisse report.
The Credit Suisse report is one of the sources of Oxfam's data.
Anthony Shorrocks considers the criticism about debt to be a 'silly argument'.
Anthony Shorrocks considers the criticism about debt to be 'a non-issue'.
It seems that the content you would like me to decompose is missing.
Please provide the text or content you want me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
It seems that the content you would like me to decompose is missing.
Please provide the text or content you want me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
A diversion is a form of entertainment or distraction.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
PolitiFact is a fact-checking organization.
The top 400 richest Americans have more wealth than half of all Americans combined.
The New York Times published an article on July 22, 2014.
The article states that the richest 1 percent in the United States now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent.
Inherited wealth may help explain why many Americans have become rich.
Many Americans who have become rich may have had a substantial head start.
In September 2012, the Institute for Policy Studies reported that over 60 percent of the Forbes richest 400 Americans grew up in substantial privilege.
The Institute for Policy Studies is an organization.
Neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor.
Neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by capital.
Neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by land.
Labor income distribution is due to differences in value added by different classifications of workers.
Different classifications of workers contribute varying amounts of value added.
Wages are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor.
Profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor.
The economic actors include workers, capitalists, and business owners.
The economic actors also include landlords.
In a market economy, inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap.
The productivity gap exists between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions.
In Marxian analysis, capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs.
Labor inputs refer to workers.
Capitalist firms operate under competitive pressure.
Capitalist firms aim to reduce costs.
Capitalist firms aim to maximize profits.
Over the long-term, this trend increases the organic composition of capital.
An increase in the organic composition of capital means that fewer workers are required in proportion to capital inputs.
An increase in the organic composition of capital results in an increase in unemployment.
The term 'reserve army of labour' refers to the increase in unemployment.
The process exerts a downward pressure on wages.
The substitution of capital equipment for labor raises the productivity of each worker.
The substitution of capital equipment for labor involves mechanization and automation.
The result of the substitution of capital equipment for labor is a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class.
The working class experiences relatively stagnant wages.
The capitalist class experiences rising levels of property income.
A purely capitalist mode of production exists.
The purely capitalist mode of production is characterized by private ownership of the means of production.
In a purely capitalist mode of production, the production and distribution of goods are determined by market competition.
In a purely capitalist mode of production, profit is the primary motive for production.
Professional and labor organizations cannot limit the number of workers.
The wages of the workers will not be controlled by professional and labor organizations.
The wages of the workers will not be controlled by the employer.
The wages of the workers will be controlled by the market.
Wages work in the same way as prices for any other good.
Wages can be considered as a function.
The function of wages is dependent on the market price of skill.
Inequality is driven by a specific price.
The specific price is the factor that drives inequality.
Under the law of supply and demand, the price of skill is determined by a race.
The race is between the demand for the skilled worker and the supply of the skilled worker.
Markets can concentrate wealth.
Markets can pass environmental costs on to society.
Markets can abuse workers.
Markets can abuse consumers.
Markets, by themselves, often lead to high levels of inequality.
High levels of inequality are outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair.
Markets can be stable.
Employers offer a below market wage.
Employers who offer a below market wage will find that their business is chronically understaffed.
A business that offers a below market wage is chronically understaffed.
The competitors will take advantage of the situation.
The competitors will offer a higher wage.
The higher wage will attract the best of the labor.
A businessman has the profit motive as the prime interest.
It is a losing proposition for a businessman to offer below market wages to workers.
It is a losing proposition for a businessman to offer above market wages to workers.
A job has many workers willing to work a large amount of time.
The situation is characterized by high supply of workers.
The job has few requirements.
The situation is characterized by low demand for the job.
The combination of high supply and low demand will result in a low wage for that job.
Competition between workers drives down the wage.
An example of jobs would be dish-washing.
An example of jobs would be customer service.
Competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages.
The nature of the worker is expendable in relation to his or her particular job.
A job exists where there are few able or willing workers.
The supply of workers for the job is low.
There is a large need for the positions in the job.
The demand for the positions in the job is high.
The situation of low supply and high demand will result in high wages for that job.
Competition between employers for employees will drive up the wage.
Examples of jobs that require highly developed skills include certain professions.
Examples of jobs that require rare abilities include specialized roles.
Examples of jobs that involve a high level of risk include hazardous occupations.
Competition amongst employers tends to drive up wages.
The driving up of wages is due to the nature of the job.
There is a relative shortage of workers for the particular position.
Professional organizations may limit the supply of workers.
Labor organizations may limit the supply of workers.
Limiting the supply of workers results in higher demand for workers.
Higher demand for workers results in greater incomes for members.
Members may receive higher wages through collective bargaining.
Members may receive higher wages through political influence.
Members may receive higher wages through corruption.
Higher economic inequality tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level.
Entrepreneurship at the individual level is referred to as self-employment.
Most of the content is often based on necessity.
Most of the content is not based on opportunity.
Necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs.
Survival needs include income for food and shelter.
Survival needs are referred to as 'push' motivations.
Opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations.
Achievement-oriented motivations are referred to as 'pull' motivations.
Opportunity-based entrepreneurship is more likely to involve the pursuit of new products.
Opportunity-based entrepreneurship is more likely to involve the pursuit of new services.
Opportunity-based entrepreneurship is more likely to involve the pursuit of underserved market needs.
The economic impact of the former type of entrepreneurialism tends to be redistributive.
The latter type of entrepreneurialism is expected to foster technological progress.
The latter type of entrepreneurialism is expected to have a more positive impact on economic growth.
Another cause is the rate at which income is taxed.
Another cause is the progressivity of the tax system.
A progressive tax is a type of tax.
The tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases.
In a progressive tax system, the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society.
The level of the top tax rate can either increase inequality within a society.
The level of the top tax rate can decrease inequality within a society.
The impact on inequality is provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime.
Steeper tax progressivity applies to social spending.
Steeper tax progressivity can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board.
The Gini index for an income distribution before taxation is a measure of income inequality.
The Gini index after taxation is a measure of income inequality.
The difference between the Gini index for an income distribution before taxation and the Gini index after taxation is an indicator for the effects of taxation.
An important factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals' access to education.
Variation in individuals' access to education contributes to the creation of inequality.
Education creates high wages for individuals with this education.
Education is especially valuable in an area where there is a high demand for workers.
Increases in education first increase growth.
Increases in education then decrease growth.
Increases in education also increase income inequality.
Increases in education also decrease income inequality.
Those who are unable to afford an education generally receive much lower wages.
Those who choose not to pursue optional education generally receive much lower wages.
A lack of education leads directly to lower incomes.
Lower incomes result in lower aggregate savings.
Lower incomes result in lower investment.
Education raises incomes.
Education promotes growth.
Education helps to unleash the productive potential of the poor.
In 2014, economists with the Standard & Poor's rating agency concluded a finding.
The finding was about the widening disparity between the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The wealthiest citizens of the nation had slowed the recovery from the 2008-2009 recession.
The slowing of the recovery from the 2008-2009 recession made the nation more prone to boom-and-bust cycles.
S&P recommended increasing access to education.
The wealth gap is a problem.
The wealth gap results in slow growth.
Increasing access to education is a partial remedy for the wealth gap.
Increasing access to education is a partial remedy for the resulting slow growth.
It is estimated that if the average United States worker had completed just one more year of school, it would add an additional $105 billion in growth to the economy of the United States over five years.
The average United States worker is a hypothetical individual used for estimation purposes.
The additional growth to the economy of the United States is quantified as $105 billion.
The time frame for the estimated growth is five years.
The mass high school education movement occurred from 1910 to 1940.
There was an increase in skilled workers during the mass high school education movement.
The increase in skilled workers led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor.
High school education during the period was designed to equip students with necessary skill sets.
The necessary skill sets were intended to enable students to perform at work.
The present high school education is regarded as a stepping-stone to acquire college and advanced degrees.
The subject in question differs from the present high school education.
The decrease in wages caused a period of compression.
The decrease in wages caused decreased inequality between skilled workers and unskilled workers.
Education is very important for the growth of the economy.
Educational inequality in gender also influences the economy.
Lagerlof and Galor stated that gender inequality in education can result in low economic growth.
Lagerlof and Galor stated that continued gender inequality in education can create a poverty trap.
A large gap in male and female education may indicate backwardness.
A large gap in male and female education may be associated with lower economic growth.
Lower economic growth can explain why there is economic inequality between countries.
John Schmitt is an individual.
Ben Zipperer is an individual.
John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer conducted research in 2006.
John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer are affiliated with the Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR).
John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer point to economic liberalism as one of the causes of economic inequality.
John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer point to the reduction of business regulation as one of the causes of economic inequality.
John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer point to the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality.
An analysis of the effects of intensive Anglo-American liberal policies was conducted.
The analysis compared intensive Anglo-American liberal policies to continental European liberalism.
In continental European liberalism, unions have remained strong.
The analysts concluded a statement regarding the effects of the policies.
The statement concluded by saying 'The U'.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
The economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion.
The economic and social model is associated with high levels of income inequality.
The economic and social model is associated with high relative poverty rates.
The economic and social model is associated with high absolute poverty rates.
The economic and social model is associated with poor and unequal educational outcomes.
The economic and social model is associated with poor health outcomes.
The economic and social model is associated with high rates of crime.
The economic and social model is associated with high rates of incarceration.
The available evidence provides little support for a specific view.
The specific view is associated with the letter U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Style labor-market flexibility dramatically improves labor-market outcomes.
There are popular prejudices to the contrary.
The United States is a subject of these popular prejudices.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The economy consistently affords a lower level of economic mobility.
The lower level of economic mobility is compared to all the continental European countries.
Data is available for all the continental European countries.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
Jake Rosenfield is a sociologist.
Jake Rosenfield is affiliated with the University of Washington.
Jake Rosenfield asserts that the decline of organized labor in the United States has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes.
Jake Rosenfield asserts that the decline of organized labor in the United States has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than globalization.
Technological changes were also experienced by other industrialized nations.
Globalization was also experienced by other industrialized nations.
Other industrialized nations did not experience steep surges in inequality.
He points out that nations have high rates of unionization.
Nations with high rates of unionization are particularly in Scandinavia.
Nations with high rates of unionization have very low levels of inequality.
He concludes that the historical pattern is clear.
He concludes that the cross-national pattern is clear.
He concludes that high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements.
He concludes that weak labor movements are associated with high inequality.
He concludes that high inequality and weak labor movements are inversely related.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
Trade liberalization may shift economic inequality.
The shift in economic inequality may occur from a global scale to a domestic scale.
Rich countries trade with poor countries.
Low-skilled workers in rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition.
Low-skilled workers in poor countries may see increased wages.
Paul Krugman is a trade economist.
Paul Krugman estimates that trade liberalisation has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the United States.
He attributes the trend to increased trade with poor countries.
He attributes the trend to the fragmentation of the means of production.
The fragmentation of the means of production results in low skilled jobs becoming more tradeable.
He concedes that the effect of trade on inequality in America is minor.
The effect of trade on inequality in America is minor when compared to other causes.
Other causes include technological innovation.
The view that the effect of trade on inequality in America is minor is shared by other experts.
Max Roser is an empirical economist.
Jesus Crespo-Cuaresma is an empirical economist.
Max Roser and Jesus Crespo-Cuaresma find support in the data.
The data indicates that international trade is increasing income inequality.
The predictions of the Stolper–Samuelson theorem regarding the effects of international trade on the distribution of incomes are empirically confirmed.
Lawrence Katz is an estimator.
Lawrence Katz estimates that trade has accounted for 5-15% of rising income inequality.
Robert Lawrence argues that technological innovation has meant that low-skilled jobs have been replaced by machine labor in wealthier nations.
Robert Lawrence argues that automation has meant that low-skilled jobs have been replaced by machine labor in wealthier nations.
Robert Lawrence argues that wealthier countries no longer have significant numbers of low-skilled manufacturing workers.
Robert Lawrence argues that low-skilled manufacturing workers in wealthier countries could be affected by competition from poor countries.
In many countries, there is a gender pay gap in favor of males.
The gender pay gap exists in the labor market.
Several factors may contribute to this gap.
The factors may be other than discrimination.
On average, women are more likely than men to consider factors other than pay when looking for work.
Women may be less willing to travel when looking for work.
Women may be less willing to relocate when looking for work.
Thomas Sowell is the author of the book Knowledge and Decisions.
Thomas Sowell claims that the difference in job participation is due to women not taking jobs because of marriage or pregnancy.
Income studies show that the reasons of marriage or pregnancy do not explain the entire difference in job participation.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Census's report stated that there is a difference in earnings between women and men in the United States.
The difference in earnings between women and men in the United States remains after other factors are accounted for.
The income gap in Botswana is 53%.
The income gap in Bahrain is -40%.
Simon Kuznets was an economist.
Simon Kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development.
Kuznets is a researcher or theorist.
Kuznets states that countries with low levels of development have relatively equal distributions of wealth.
As a country develops, the country acquires more capital.
The acquisition of more capital leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth.
The acquisition of more capital leads to the owners of this capital having more income.
The increase in wealth and income among the owners of capital introduces inequality.
More developed countries eventually move back to lower levels of inequality.
Various possible redistribution mechanisms exist.
Social welfare programs are one type of redistribution mechanism.
Kuznets plotted the relationship between level of income and inequality.
Kuznets observed that middle-income developing economies had a level of inequality bulging out.
The bulging level of inequality formed what is now known as the Kuznets curve.
Kuznets demonstrated a relationship.
Kuznets used cross-sectional data for the demonstration.
More recent testing of this theory has been conducted.
The testing used superior panel data.
The results of the testing have shown the theory to be very weak.
Kuznets' curve predicts that income inequality will eventually decrease.
Kuznets' curve is a theory that suggests a relationship between economic development and income inequality.
The prediction of Kuznets' curve is based on the passage of time.
Income inequality did fall in the United States during the High school movement from 1910 to 1940.
Income inequality continued to fall in the United States thereafter.
Recent data shows that the level of income inequality began to rise after the 1970s.
The statement does not necessarily disprove Kuznets' theory.
Kuznets' theory is a specific theory.
It may be possible that another Kuznets' cycle is occurring.
The Kuznets' cycle refers to economic development patterns.
The current Kuznets' cycle is specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector.
This implies that it may be possible for multiple Kuznets' cycles to be in effect at any given time.
Wealth concentration is a theoretical process.
Wealth concentration occurs under certain conditions.
Newly created wealth concentrates in the possession of already-wealthy individuals or entities.
According to this theory, those who already hold wealth have the means to invest in new sources of creating wealth.
Those who already hold wealth can otherwise leverage the accumulation of wealth.
Those who already hold wealth are the beneficiaries of the new wealth.
Wealth condensation can significantly contribute to the persistence of inequality within society over time.
Wealth condensation is a process that involves the accumulation of wealth in the hands of a few individuals or entities.
Inequality within society refers to the unequal distribution of resources and opportunities among individuals or groups.
Thomas Piketty is the author of the book Capital in the Twenty-First Century.
Thomas Piketty argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital than economic growth.
The return of capital is represented by the variable r.
Economic growth is represented by the variable g.
Thomas Piketty states that larger fortunes generate higher returns.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The university endowment size is a financial measure.
The university endowment size can be compared to other financial metrics.
The real annual rate of return is a financial metric.
The real annual rate of return measures the profitability of an investment.
The real annual rate of return accounts for inflation.
Joseph Stiglitz is an economist.
Joseph Stiglitz argues that market forces should serve as a brake on the concentration of wealth and income.
Joseph Stiglitz argues that market forces do not explain concentrations of wealth and income.
Joseph Stiglitz suggests that the concentration of wealth and income may be better explained by the non-market force known as 'rent-seeking'.
The market will bid up compensation for rare and desired skills.
The market bids up compensation to reward wealth creation.
The market bids up compensation to reward greater productivity.
The action will prevent successful entrepreneurs from earning excess profits.
The action will foster competition.
Fostering competition will cut prices.
Fostering competition will cut profits.
Fostering competition will cut large compensation.
A better explainer of growing inequality is the use of political power generated by wealth.
Certain groups use political power generated by wealth.
Certain groups shape government policies that are financially beneficial to them.
Joseph Stiglitz is the person who provides this explanation.
The process is known to economists as rent-seeking.
Rent-seeking brings income not from the creation of wealth.
Rent-seeking brings income from grabbing a larger share of the wealth.
The wealth would otherwise have been produced without the effort of the rent-seekers.
Researchers have found effects of inequality.
The effects of inequality include higher rates of health problems.
The effects of inequality include higher rates of social problems.
The effects of inequality include lower rates of social goods.
The effects of inequality include a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted to high-end consumption.
The effects of inequality include a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption.
For the top 21 industrialised countries, life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries.
Life expectancy is measured by counting each person equally.
The correlation coefficient for the relationship between life expectancy and inequality is r = -.
A similar relationship exists among US states.
Robert J was the winner of the 2013 Economics Nobel prize.
Robert J is a notable figure in the field of economics.
Robert Shiller said that rising inequality in the United States is the most important problem.
Robert Shiller said that rising inequality in other parts of the world is the most important problem.
Increasing inequality harms economic growth.
High and persistent unemployment has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth.
Inequality increases in the context of high and persistent unemployment.
The increase in inequality has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth.
Unemployment can harm growth.
Unemployment is a waste of resources.
Unemployment generates redistributive pressures.
Unemployment generates subsequent distortions.
Unemployment drives people to poverty.
Unemployment constrains liquidity.
Unemployment limits labor mobility.
Unemployment erodes self-esteem.
Unemployment promotes social dislocation.
Unemployment promotes unrest.
Unemployment promotes conflict.
Policies aim at controlling unemployment.
Policies aim at reducing the inequality-associated effects of unemployment.
Policies that control unemployment support economic growth.
Richard G is a British researcher.
Wilkinson and Kate Pickett have found higher rates of health problems in countries and states with higher inequality.
Wilkinson and Kate Pickett have found higher rates of social problems in countries and states with higher inequality.
The health problems identified include obesity, mental illness, homicides, teenage births, incarceration, child conflict, and drug use.
Wilkinson and Kate Pickett have found lower rates of social goods in countries and states with higher inequality.
The social goods identified include life expectancy by country, educational performance, trust among strangers, women's status, social mobility, and numbers of patents issued.
Statistics were used from 23 developed countries and the 50 states of the United States.
The researchers found that social and health problems were lower in countries like Japan and Finland.
Japan is a developed country.
Finland is a developed country.
The researchers found that social and health problems were lower in states like Utah and New Hampshire.
Utah is a state in the United States.
New Hampshire is a state in the United States.
Japan and Finland have high levels of equality.
The researchers found that social and health problems were higher in countries like the United States and the United Kingdom.
The United States is a developed country.
The United Kingdom is a developed country.
The researchers found that social and health problems were higher in states like Mississippi and New York.
Mississippi is a state in the United States.
New York is a state in the United States.
Mississippi and New York have large differences in household income.
For most of human history, higher material living standards led to better health.
Higher material living standards included full stomachs.
Higher material living standards included access to clean water.
Higher material living standards included warmth from fuel.
Higher material living standards led to longer lives.
The pattern of higher incomes leading to longer lives still holds among poorer countries.
Life expectancy increases rapidly as per capita income increases in poorer countries.
In recent decades, the increase in life expectancy has slowed down among middle income countries.
Life expectancy has plateaued among the richest thirty or so countries in the world.
Americans live on average about 77 years.
The average lifespan of Americans was recorded in 2004.
Greeks live on average 78 years.
New Zealanders live on average 78 years.
The USA has a higher GDP per capita than Greece.
The USA has a higher GDP per capita than New Zealand.
Life expectancy in Sweden is 80 years.
Life expectancy in Japan is 82 years.
Income was more equally distributed in Sweden.
Income was more equally distributed in Japan.
Life expectancy in Sweden and Japan was longer due to the more equal distribution of income.
In recent years, the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries is income inequality.
Income inequality is a characteristic.
Income inequality has strongly correlated with health in developed countries.
Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett created an index of 'Health and Social Problems' from nine factors.
Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett found health and social problems to be more common in countries with bigger income inequalities.
Health and social problems are more common among states in the United States with larger income inequalities.
Other studies have confirmed the relationship.
The UNICEF index studies child well-being in rich countries.
The UNICEF index examines 40 indicators.
The UNICEF index analyzes data from 22 countries.
The UNICEF index correlates with greater equality.
The UNICEF index does not correlate with per capita income.
The crime rate has been shown to be correlated with inequality in society.
Most studies have concentrated on the relationship between various factors and homicides.
Homicides are almost identically defined across all nations.
Homicides are almost identically defined across all jurisdictions.
There have been over fifty studies.
The studies show tendencies for violence to be more common in societies.
The societies have larger income differences.
Research has been conducted comparing developed countries with undeveloped countries.
Research has been conducted studying areas within countries.
Daly et al is a reference to a group of authors led by Daly.
Daly is the surname of the lead author in the group.
2001 found that there was a specific observation or result among U.
In the United States, there is a tenfold difference in homicide rates related to inequality.
In Canadian Provinces, there is a tenfold difference in homicide rates related to inequality.
Researchers estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by differences in the amount of inequality in each province or state.
The amount of inequality varies in each province or state.
Fajnzylber et al is a reference to a group of authors.
The year 2002 is associated with a finding.
The finding indicates a similar relationship worldwide.
There are comments in academic literature on the relationship between homicides and inequality.
The utilitarian principle seeks the greatest good for the greatest number.
Economic inequality is problematic.
A house provides less utility to a millionaire as a summer home than it would to a homeless family of five.
The house is an example of reduced distributive efficiency within society.
Reduced distributive efficiency decreases the marginal utility of wealth.
Reduced distributive efficiency decreases the sum total of personal utility.
An additional dollar spent by a poor person will go to things providing a great deal of utility to that poor person.
Basic necessities include food, water, and healthcare.
An additional dollar spent by a much richer person will very likely go to luxury items.
Luxury items provide relatively less utility to that much richer person.
The marginal utility of wealth per person is referred to as 'the additional dollar'.
The marginal utility of wealth per person decreases as a person becomes richer.
From this standpoint, a society has a given amount of wealth.
A society with more equality will have higher aggregate utility.
Some studies have found evidence for the theory of lower inequality leading to higher satisfaction and happiness.
In societies where inequality is lower, population-wide satisfaction tends to be higher.
In societies where inequality is lower, population-wide happiness tends to be higher.
Conservative researchers have argued that income inequality is not significant.
Consumption, rather than income, should be the measure of inequality.
Inequality of consumption is less extreme than inequality of income in the US.
Will Wilkinson is associated with the libertarian Cato Institute.
Will Wilkinson states a hypothesis about consumption inequality and income inequality.
The weight of the evidence shows that the run-up in consumption inequality has been considerably less dramatic than the rise in income inequality.
Consumption is more important than income.
According to Johnson, consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986.
According to Smeeding, consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986.
According to Tory, consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986.
Consumption inequality in 2001 was lower than consumption inequality in 1986.
The debate is summarized in 'The Hidden Prosperity of the Poor'.
Thomas B is a journalist.
Edsall is a named entity.
Other studies have not found consumption inequality to be less dramatic than household income inequality.
The CBO's study found that consumption data does not adequately capture consumption by high-income households.
The CBO's study found that consumption data captures income by high-income households adequately.
The CBO's study agreed that household consumption numbers show a more equal distribution than household income.
Raghuram Rajan is a central banking economist.
Raghuram Rajan argues that systematic economic inequalities exist within the United States.
Raghuram Rajan argues that systematic economic inequalities exist around the world.
Systematic economic inequalities have created deep financial 'fault lines'.
Deep financial 'fault lines' have made financial crises more likely to happen than in the past.
The financial crisis of 2007–08 is the most recent example of a financial crisis.
Political pressure has developed to extend easier credit to lower income earners.
Political pressure has developed to extend easier credit to middle income earners.
Easier credit is particularly aimed at helping lower and middle income earners to buy homes.
Political pressure has developed to extend easier credit in general.
Easier credit in general is aimed at keeping unemployment rates low.
Purchasing power has stagnated.
Purchasing power has declined.
The American economy has a tendency to go 'from bubble to bubble'.
The tendency of the American economy to go 'from bubble to bubble' is fueled by unsustainable monetary stimulation.
International Monetary Fund economists have conducted research on economic growth.
Inequality in wealth and income is negatively correlated with the duration of economic growth spells.
Inequality in wealth and income is not negatively correlated with the rate of economic growth.
High levels of inequality prevent economic prosperity.
High levels of inequality prevent the quality of a country's institutions.
High levels of inequality prevent high levels of education.
IMF staff economists provide an analysis regarding income distribution and GDP growth.
If the income share of the top 20 percent increases, then GDP growth actually declines over the medium term.
The analysis suggests that the benefits do not trickle down.
An increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent is associated with higher GDP growth.
The bottom 20 percent refers to the poor.
The poor matter for growth via a number of interrelated economic, social, and political channels.
The middle class matters for growth via a number of interrelated economic, social, and political channels.
The poor and the middle class are important for growth.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
David Castells-Quintana is an economist.
Vicente Royuela is an economist.
According to David Castells-Quintana and Vicente Royuela, increasing inequality harms economic growth.
High and persistent unemployment has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth.
Inequality increases in the context of high and persistent unemployment.
The increase in inequality has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth.
Unemployment can harm growth.
Unemployment is a waste of resources.
Unemployment generates redistributive pressures.
Unemployment generates subsequent distortions.
Unemployment drives people to poverty.
Unemployment constrains liquidity.
Unemployment limits labor mobility.
Unemployment erodes self-esteem.
Unemployment promotes social dislocation.
Unemployment promotes unrest.
Unemployment promotes conflict.
Policies aim at controlling unemployment.
Policies aim at reducing the inequality-associated effects of unemployment.
Policies support economic growth.
Joseph Stiglitz is an economist.
Joseph Stiglitz presented evidence in 2009.
The evidence presented by Joseph Stiglitz indicates that global inequality prevents growth.
The evidence presented by Joseph Stiglitz indicates that inequality within countries prevents growth.
The prevention of growth is caused by limiting aggregate demand.
Branko Milanovic is an economist.
Branko Milanovic wrote in 2001.
Branko Milanovic stated that the view that income inequality harms growth has become more widely held in recent years.
Branko Milanovic stated that improved equality can help sustain growth.
It seems that the content you would like me to decompose is missing.
Please provide the text or content you want me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
The main reason for the shift is the increasing importance of human capital in development.
Physical capital mattered most at a certain time.
Savings were key during the time when physical capital mattered most.
Investments were key during the time when physical capital mattered most.
It was important to have a large contingent of rich people.
Rich people could save a greater proportion of their income than poor people.
Rich people could invest a greater proportion of their income in physical capital.
Human capital is scarcer than machines.
Widespread education has become the secret to growth.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the full content you would like me to decompose, and I will be happy to assist you!
In 1993, Galor and Zeira conducted a study.
Galor and Zeira showed that inequality has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation.
Galor and Zeira showed that inequality has a long lasting detrimental effect on economic development.
Galor and Zeira showed that the detrimental effect of inequality occurs in the presence of credit market imperfections.
A 1996 study was conducted by Perotti.
The study examined the channels through which inequality may affect economic growth.
He showed that inequality is associated with a lower level of human capital formation.
Human capital formation includes education, experience, and apprenticeship.
He showed that inequality is associated with a higher level of fertility.
He showed that inequality is associated with lower levels of growth.
He found that inequality is associated with higher levels of redistributive taxation.
Higher levels of redistributive taxation are associated with lower levels of growth.
Lower levels of growth result from reductions in private savings and investment.
Perotti concluded a hypothesis about the relationship between societal equality and fertility rates.
More equal societies have lower fertility rates.
More equal societies have higher rates of investment in education.
Both entities are reflected in higher rates of growth.
Very unequal societies tend to be politically unstable.
Very unequal societies tend to be socially unstable.
The political instability in very unequal societies is reflected in lower rates of investment.
The social instability in very unequal societies is reflected in lower rates of investment.
Lower rates of investment lead to lower rates of growth.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
Research was conducted by Robert Barro.
Robert Barro is an economist at Harvard.
The research found that there is little overall relation between income inequality and rates of growth.
The research found that there is little overall relation between income inequality and rates of investment.
Barro conducted work in 1999.
Barro conducted work in 2000.
High levels of inequality reduce growth in relatively poor countries.
High levels of inequality encourage growth in richer countries.
A study of Swedish counties was conducted between 1960 and 2000.
The study found a positive impact of inequality on growth.
The positive impact of inequality on growth had lead times of five years or less.
The study found no correlation between inequality and growth after ten years.
Studies of larger data sets have found no correlations for any fixed lead time.
Studies of larger data sets have found a negative impact on the duration of growth.
Studies on income inequality and growth have sometimes found evidence confirming the Kuznets curve hypothesis.
The Kuznets curve hypothesis states that with economic development, income inequality first increases.
The Kuznets curve hypothesis states that with economic development, income inequality then decreases.
Thomas Piketty is an economist.
Thomas Piketty challenges the notion that inequality has consistently increased.
Thomas Piketty claims that from 1914 to 1945, wars reduced inequality.
Thomas Piketty claims that from 1914 to 1945, violent economic shocks reduced inequality.
Thomas Piketty claims that from 1914 to 1945, political shocks reduced inequality.
Piketty argues that the Kuznets curve hypothesis is 'magical'.
The Kuznets curve hypothesis emphasizes the balancing of economic growth in the long run.
The Kuznets curve hypothesis cannot account for the significant increase in economic inequality throughout the developed world since the 1970s.
Some theories were developed in the 1970s.
The theories established possible avenues through which inequality may have a positive effect on economic development.
According to a 1955 review, savings by the wealthy were thought to offset reduced consumer demand.
Savings by the wealthy were thought to increase with inequality.
A 2013 report on Nigeria suggests that growth has risen.
The increase in growth is associated with increased income inequality.
Some theories were popular from the 1950s to 2011.
Some theories incorrectly stated that inequality had a positive effect on economic development.
Analyses based on comparing yearly equality figures to yearly growth rates were misleading.
It takes several years for effects to manifest as changes to economic growth.
IMF economists found a strong association between lower levels of inequality in developing countries and sustained periods of economic growth.
Lower levels of inequality exist in developing countries.
Sustained periods of economic growth occur in developing countries.
Developing countries with high inequality have succeeded in initiating growth at high rates for a few years.
Longer growth spells are robustly associated with more equality in the income distribution.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
Economic growth can potentially play a central role in human development.
Economic growth can potentially play a central role in poverty reduction.
Economic growth can potentially play a central role in the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
It is becoming widely understood amongst the development community that special efforts must be made.
Special efforts must be made to ensure poorer sections of society are able to participate in economic growth.
The effect of economic growth on poverty reduction is known as the growth elasticity of poverty.
The growth elasticity of poverty can depend on the existing level of inequality.
A country with low inequality has a growth rate of 2% per head.
40% of the population in the country with low inequality lives in poverty.
The country with low inequality can halve poverty in ten years.
A country with high inequality would take nearly 60 years to achieve the same reduction in poverty.
Ban Ki-Moon is the Secretary General of the United Nations.
Ban Ki-Moon states that economic growth is necessary for progress on reducing poverty.
Ban Ki-Moon states that economic growth is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
In many poor countries, much land is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system.
In many poor countries, much housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system.
In many developing countries, much land is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system.
In many developing countries, much housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system.
Much unregistered property is held in informal form.
Much unregistered property is held through various associations.
Much unregistered property is held through other arrangements.
Reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building.
In some countries, it can take over 200 steps to build on government land.
In some countries, it can take up to 14 years to build on government land.
Other causes of extra-legal property include failures to notarize transaction documents.
Other causes of extra-legal property include having documents notarized.
Other causes of extra-legal property include failing to have notarized documents recorded with the official agency.
A number of researchers argue that a shortage of affordable housing exists in the US.
David Rodda is one of the researchers.
Jacob Vigdor is one of the researchers.
Janna Matlack is one of the researchers.
The researchers argue that the shortage of affordable housing is caused in part by income inequality.
David Rodda noted a trend from 1984 to 1991.
The number of quality rental units decreased during this period.
The demand for higher quality housing increased during this period.
The information is referenced from Rhoda 1994:148.
Gentrification of older neighbourhoods occurred in East New York.
Rental prices increased rapidly in East New York.
Landlords found new residents willing to pay higher market rates for housing.
Lower income families were left without rental units in East New York.
The ad valorem property tax policy made it difficult or impossible for low income residents to keep pace.
Rising prices made it difficult or impossible for low income residents to keep pace.
The ad valorem property tax policy and rising prices combined made it difficult or impossible for low income residents to keep pace.
Certain costs are difficult to avoid.
Certain costs are shared by everyone.
The costs of housing are difficult to avoid and are shared by everyone.
The costs of pensions are difficult to avoid and are shared by everyone.
The costs of education are difficult to avoid and are shared by everyone.
The costs of health care are difficult to avoid and are shared by everyone.
If the state does not provide these services, then costs must be borrowed for those on lower incomes.
Those on lower incomes are often worse equipped to manage their finances.
Aspirational consumption describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier counterparts.
One method of achieving this aspiration is by taking on debt.
The result leads to greater inequality.
The result leads to potential economic instability.
The smaller the economic inequality, the more waste and pollution is created.
The creation of more waste and pollution results in many cases in more environmental degradation.
The fact that poor people in society become more wealthy can explain a phenomenon.
As poor people in society become more wealthy, their yearly carbon emissions increase.
The relation is expressed by the Environmental Kuznets Curve.
The Environmental Kuznets Curve is abbreviated as EKC.
It should be noted that in certain cases, there is great economic inequality.
In certain cases with great economic inequality, there is not more waste created.
In certain cases with great economic inequality, there is not more pollution created.
The waste is cleaned up better afterwards in certain cases.
The waste is cleaned up better afterwards through water treatment.
The waste is cleaned up better afterwards through filtering.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
The whole of the increase in environmental degradation is the result of an increase in emissions per person.
The increase in emissions per person is multiplied by a multiplier.
If there were fewer people, the multiplier would be lower.
If the multiplier is lower, the amount of environmental degradation would be lower as well.
The current high level of population has a large impact on this.
WWF argued that population levels would start to drop to a sustainable level.
The sustainable level of population is 1/3 of current levels.
1/3 of current levels corresponds to about 2 billion people.
Human inequality can be addressed or corrected.
Addressing or correcting human inequality will not result in an increase of environmental damage.
Socialists attribute the vast disparities in wealth to the private ownership of the means of production.
A class of owners creates a situation where a small portion of the population lives off unearned property income.
The small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in capital equipment.
The small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in financial assets.
The small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in corporate stock.
The vast majority of the population is dependent on income.
The form of income that the vast majority of the population is dependent on is a wage or salary.
Socialists argue that the means of production should be socially owned.
The means of production should be socially owned in order to rectify this situation.
Income differentials would be reflective of individual contributions to the social product.
Robert Nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force.
The force used by government to redistribute wealth is usually in the form of taxation.
Robert Nozick argued that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force.
Nozick recognized that some modern economic inequalities were the result of forceful taking of property.
A certain amount of redistribution would be justified to compensate for the forceful taking of property.
The redistribution would not be justified because of the economic inequalities themselves.
John Rawls argued in A Theory of Justice.
John Rawls argued that inequalities in the distribution of wealth are only justified when they improve society as a whole.
John Rawls argued that inequalities in the distribution of wealth are only justified when they improve the conditions of the poorest members of society.
John Rawls does not discuss the full implications of John Rawls's theory of justice.
Some individuals see John Rawls's argument as a justification for capitalism.
Even the poorest members of society theoretically benefit from increased innovations under capitalism.
Others believe that only a strong welfare state can satisfy John Rawls's theory of justice.
The capabilities approach is sometimes called the human development approach.
The capabilities approach looks at income inequality.
The capabilities approach looks at poverty.
Income inequality is a form of capability deprivation.
Poverty is a form of capability deprivation.
Neoliberalism defines well-being as utility maximization.
Economic growth is considered a means to an end rather than the end itself.
Income is considered a means to an end rather than the end itself.
The goal is to widen people's choices.
The goal is to increase the level of people's achieved well-being.
Functionings are the things a person values doing.
Capabilities are the freedom to enjoy functionings.
Agency is the ability to pursue valued goals.
When a person's capabilities are lowered, the person is deprived of earning as much income as the person would otherwise.
A person's capabilities can be lowered.
An old, ill man cannot earn as much as a healthy young man.
Gender roles and customs may prevent a woman from receiving an education.
Gender roles and customs may prevent a woman from working outside the home.
There may be an epidemic that causes widespread panic.
There could be rampant violence in the area.
Rampant violence in the area prevents people from going to work for fear of their lives.
Income increases.
Economic inequality increases.
It becomes more difficult to reduce the gap.
Reducing the gap requires additional aid.
The approach believes it is important to have political freedom.
The approach believes it is important to have economic facilities.
The approach believes it is important to have social opportunities.
The approach believes it is important to have transparency guarantees.
The approach believes it is important to have protective security.
The approach aims to ensure that people are not denied their functionings.
The approach aims to ensure that people are not denied their capabilities.
The approach aims to ensure that people are not denied their agency.
The approach aims to enable people to work towards a better relevant income.
The University of Chicago is a private research university.
The University of Chicago is located in Chicago.
UChicago is an abbreviation for The University of Chicago.
Chicago is an alternative name for The University of Chicago.
U of C is another abbreviation for The University of Chicago.
The university was established in 1890.
The university consists of The College.
The university consists of various graduate programs.
The university consists of interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions.
The university consists of seven professional schools.
Chicago is well known for its professional schools.
The Pritzker School of Medicine is one of the professional schools in Chicago.
The University of Chicago Booth School of Business is one of the professional schools in Chicago.
The Law School is one of the professional schools in Chicago.
The School of Social Service Administration is one of the professional schools in Chicago.
The Harris School of Public Policy Studies is one of the professional schools in Chicago.
The Graham School of Continuing Liberal and Professional Studies is one of the professional schools in Chicago.
The Divinity School is one of the professional schools in Chicago.
The university currently enrolls approximately 5,000 students in the College.
The university currently enrolls around 15,000 students overall.
University of Chicago scholars have played a major role in the development of various academic disciplines.
The Chicago school of economics is one of the academic disciplines developed by University of Chicago scholars.
The Chicago school of sociology is one of the academic disciplines developed by University of Chicago scholars.
The law and economics movement in legal analysis is one of the academic disciplines developed by University of Chicago scholars.
The Chicago school of literary criticism is one of the academic disciplines developed by University of Chicago scholars.
The Chicago school of religion is one of the academic disciplines developed by University of Chicago scholars.
The behavioralism school of political science is one of the academic disciplines developed by University of Chicago scholars.
Chicago's physics department helped develop the world's first man-made, self-sustaining nuclear reaction.
The man-made, self-sustaining nuclear reaction was developed beneath the university's Stagg Field.
Chicago's research pursuits have been aided by unique affiliations with world-renowned institutions.
Fermilab is a nearby institution that has aided Chicago's research pursuits.
Argonne National Laboratory is a nearby institution that has aided Chicago's research pursuits.
The Marine Biological Laboratory is an institution that has aided Chicago's research pursuits.
The university is home to the University of Chicago Press.
The University of Chicago Press is the largest university press in the United States.
The Barack Obama Presidential Center has an estimated completion date of 2020.
The Barack Obama Presidential Center will be housed at the university.
The Barack Obama Presidential Center will include the Obama presidential library.
The Barack Obama Presidential Center will include the offices of the Obama Foundation.
The American Baptist Education Society founded an organization.
The American Baptist Education Society received a donation from John D.
John D was an oil magnate.
John D was the wealthiest man in history.
The University of Chicago was incorporated in 1890.
William Rainey Harper became the University of Chicago's first president in 1891.
The first classes at the University of Chicago were held in 1892.
Harper advocated for Chicago's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues.
Robert Maynard Hutchins was a future president.
Robert Maynard Hutchins advocated for Chicago's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues.
Chicago's curriculum should not be based on applied sciences and commercial utility.
Harper's vision was a guiding principle for the University of Chicago.
The University of Chicago became one of the 14 founding members of the Association of American Universities in 1900.
The Association of American Universities is an international organization of leading research universities.
The University of Chicago was created in 1890.
The University of Chicago was incorporated as a coeducational institution.
The University of Chicago was incorporated as a secular institution.
The American Baptist Education Society created and incorporated The University of Chicago.
John D was an oil magnate.
John D was a philanthropist.
A donation from John D contributed to the creation of The University of Chicago.
Rockefeller is a named entity.
Land was donated by Marshall Field.
Marshall Field is a named entity.
The Rockefeller donation provided money for academic operations.
The Rockefeller donation provided money for long-term endowment.
It was stipulated that the money from the Rockefeller donation could not be used for buildings.
The original physical campus was financed by donations.
The donations came from wealthy Chicagoans.
Silas B was one of the wealthy Chicagoans who donated.
Cobb provided the funds for the campus' first building.
The campus' first building is Cobb Lecture Hall.
Cobb matched Marshall Field's pledge of $100,000.
Marshall Field made a pledge of $100,000.
Other early benefactors included businessmen Charles L.
Hutchinson is a trustee of Hutchinson Commons.
Hutchinson is a treasurer of Hutchinson Commons.
Hutchinson is a donor of Hutchinson Commons.
Martin A is associated with Hutchinson.
Ryerson was the president of the board of trustees.
Ryerson was a donor of the Ryerson Physical Laboratory.
Adolphus Clay Bartlett funded the construction of the gymnasium.
Adolphus Clay Bartlett funded the construction of the assembly hall.
Leon Mandel funded the construction of the gymnasium.
Leon Mandel funded the construction of the assembly hall.
George C is mentioned but lacks additional context.
Walker is associated with the Walker Museum.
Walker is a relative of Cobb.
Walker encouraged Cobb's inaugural donation for facilities.
In the 1890s, the University of Chicago was fearful that its vast resources would injure smaller schools by drawing away good students.
The University of Chicago affiliated with several regional colleges and universities.
The regional colleges and universities affiliated with the University of Chicago included Des Moines College.
The regional colleges and universities affiliated with the University of Chicago included Kalamazoo College.
The regional colleges and universities affiliated with the University of Chicago included Butler University.
The regional colleges and universities affiliated with the University of Chicago included Stetson University.
In 1896, a university was affiliated with Shimer College.
Shimer College is located in Mount Carroll, Illinois.
Under the terms of the affiliation, the schools were required to have courses of study comparable to those at the university.
The schools were required to notify the university early of any contemplated faculty appointments.
The schools were required to notify the university early of any contemplated faculty dismissals.
The schools were required to make no faculty appointment without the university's approval.
The schools were required to send copies of examinations for suggestions.
The University of Chicago agreed to confer a degree on any graduating senior from an affiliated school.
A graduating senior from an affiliated school must have made a grade of A for all four years to receive the degree.
The University of Chicago agreed to confer a degree on any other graduate.
Any other graduate must have taken twelve weeks of additional study at the University of Chicago to receive the degree.
A student of an affiliated school was entitled to free tuition at the University of Chicago.
A faculty member of an affiliated school was entitled to free tuition at the University of Chicago.
Chicago students were eligible to attend an affiliated school on the same terms.
Chicago students were eligible to receive credit for their work at an affiliated school.
The University of Chicago agreed to provide affiliated schools with books at cost.
The University of Chicago agreed to provide affiliated schools with scientific apparatus and supplies at cost.
The University of Chicago agreed to provide affiliated schools with special instructors and lecturers without cost except travel expenses.
The University of Chicago agreed to provide affiliated schools with a copy of every book published by the University of Chicago Press at no cost.
The University of Chicago agreed to provide affiliated schools with a copy of every journal published by the University of Chicago Press at no cost.
The agreement provided a condition for termination of the affiliation.
Either party could terminate the affiliation.
Termination of the affiliation required proper notice.
Several University of Chicago professors disliked the program.
The program involved uncompensated additional labor on the part of the University of Chicago professors.
The University of Chicago professors believed the program cheapened the academic reputation of the University of Chicago.
The program passed into history.
The year 1910 is when the program passed into history.
In 1929, Robert Maynard Hutchins took office as the fifth president of the university.
Robert Maynard Hutchins served as the fifth president of the university for 24 years.
The university underwent many changes during Robert Maynard Hutchins' 24-year tenure.
Hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university.
Hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics.
Hutchins instituted the undergraduate college's liberal-arts curriculum known as the Common Core.
Hutchins organized the university's graduate work into its current four divisions.
In 1933, Hutchins proposed a plan to merge the University of Chicago and Northwestern University into a single university.
The plan proposed by Hutchins was unsuccessful.
The University of Chicago is an educational institution.
Northwestern University is an educational institution.
During his term, the University of Chicago Hospitals finished construction.
The University of Chicago Hospitals is now called the University of Chicago Medical Center.
The University of Chicago Hospitals enrolled its first medical students.
The Committee on Social Thought is an institution distinctive of the university.
The Committee on Social Thought was created.
In the early 1950s, student applications declined.
The decline in student applications was a result of increasing crime in the Hyde Park neighborhood.
The decline in student applications was a result of increasing poverty in the Hyde Park neighborhood.
The university became a major sponsor of a controversial urban renewal project for Hyde Park.
The urban renewal project for Hyde Park profoundly affected the neighborhood's architecture.
The urban renewal project for Hyde Park profoundly affected the neighborhood's street plan.
During this period, the university adopted an early entrant program.
Shimer College is one of the institutions that adopted the early entrant program.
The early entrant program allowed very young students to attend college.
Students enrolled at Shimer College were enabled to transfer automatically to the University of Chicago after their second year.
Students enrolled at Shimer College had to take comparable or identical examinations and courses to transfer to the University of Chicago.
The university experienced student unrest during the 1960s.
The student unrest began in 1962.
Students occupied President George Beadle's office in a protest.
The protest was over the university's off-campus rental policies.
George Beadle was the president of the university.
A university committee issued a report in 1967.
The report became known as the Kalven Report.
The issuance of the report followed continued turmoil.
The report is a two-page statement of the university's policy in social and political action.
The report declared that a university must sustain an extraordinary environment of freedom of inquiry to perform its mission in society.
The report declared that a university must maintain an independence from political fashions.
The report declared that a university must maintain an independence from political passions.
The report declared that a university must maintain an independence from political pressures.
The report has been used to justify decisions.
One decision justified by the report is the university's refusal to divest from South Africa in the 1980s.
Another decision justified by the report is the university's refusal to divest from Darfur in the late 2000s.
The university began a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects.
The university began these projects from the mid-2000s.
In 2008, the University of Chicago announced plans to establish the Milton Friedman Institute.
The announcement of plans to establish the Milton Friedman Institute attracted support from faculty members.
The announcement of plans to establish the Milton Friedman Institute attracted controversy from faculty members.
The announcement of plans to establish the Milton Friedman Institute attracted support from students.
The announcement of plans to establish the Milton Friedman Institute attracted controversy from students.
The institute will cost around $200 million.
The institute will occupy the buildings of the Chicago Theological Seminary.
During the same year, David G was an investor.
Booth donated $300 million to the university's Booth School of Business.
The donation of $300 million is the largest gift in the university's history.
The donation of $300 million is the largest gift ever to any business school.
In 2009, planning or construction on several new buildings was underway.
Half of the new buildings cost $100 million or more.
Since 2011, major construction projects have included the Jules and Gwen Knapp Center for Biomedical Discovery.
The Jules and Gwen Knapp Center for Biomedical Discovery is a ten-story medical research center.
Major construction projects have included further additions to the medical campus of the University of Chicago Medical Center.
In 2014, the University launched the public phase of a fundraising campaign.
The fundraising campaign was for $4 million.
The fundraising campaign aims to raise 5 billion.
In September 2015, the University received $100 million from The Pearson Family Foundation.
The Pearson Family Foundation is an organization.
The $100 million was received to establish The Pearson Institute for the Study and Resolution of Global Conflicts.
The Pearson Institute for the Study and Resolution of Global Conflicts is an institution.
The $100 million was also received to establish The Pearson Global Forum.
The Pearson Global Forum is an institution.
The Pearson Institute for the Study and Resolution of Global Conflicts and The Pearson Global Forum are located at the Harris School of Public Policy Studies.
The Harris School of Public Policy Studies is a school.
The first buildings of the University of Chicago campus were part of a master plan.
The master plan was conceived by two University of Chicago trustees.
The master plan was plotted by Chicago architect Henry Ives Cobb.
The first buildings of the University of Chicago campus make up what is now known as the Main Quadrangles.
The Main Quadrangles consist of six quadrangles.
Each quadrangle is surrounded by buildings.
Each quadrangle borders one larger quadrangle.
The buildings of the Main Quadrangles were designed by Cobb, Shepley, Rutan and Coolidge.
The buildings of the Main Quadrangles were designed by Holabird & Roche.
The buildings of the Main Quadrangles were designed by other architectural firms.
The buildings of the Main Quadrangles are in a mixture of the Victorian Gothic and Collegiate Gothic styles.
The architectural styles of the buildings of the Main Quadrangles are patterned on the colleges of the University of Oxford.
Mitchell Tower is modeled after Oxford's Magdalen Tower.
The university Commons is Hutchinson Hall.
Hutchinson Hall replicates Christ Church Hall.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
After the 1940s, the Gothic style on campus began to give way to modern styles.
In 1955, Eero Saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan.
The second master plan led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the Midway.
The Laird Bell Law Quadrangle is a complex designed by Eero Saarinen.
A series of arts buildings were constructed as part of the second master plan.
A building was designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe for the university's School of Social Service Administration.
A building is to become the home of the Harris School of Public Policy Studies.
The building for the Harris School of Public Policy Studies was designed by Edward Durrell Stone.
The Regenstein Library is the largest building on campus.
The Regenstein Library is a brutalist structure.
The Regenstein Library was designed by Walter Netsch of the Chicago firm Skidmore, Owings & Merrill.
Another master plan was designed in 1999.
The master plan was updated in 2004.
The master plan produced the Gerald Ratner Athletics Center in 2003.
The master plan produced the Max Palevsky Residential Commons in 2001.
The master plan produced the South Campus Residence Hall and dining commons in 2009.
The master plan produced a new children's hospital.
The master plan produced other construction.
The master plan produced expansions.
The master plan produced restorations.
In 2011, the university completed the Joe and Rika Mansueto Library.
The Joe and Rika Mansueto Library is glass dome-shaped.
The Joe and Rika Mansueto Library provides a grand reading room for the university library.
The Joe and Rika Mansueto Library prevents the need for an off-campus book depository.
The University of Chicago maintains facilities apart from its main campus.
The university's Booth School of Business maintains campuses in Singapore.
The university's Booth School of Business maintains campuses in London.
The university's Booth School of Business maintains campuses in the downtown Streeterville neighborhood of Chicago.
The Center in Paris is a campus.
The Center in Paris is located on the left bank of the Seine in Paris.
The Center in Paris hosts various undergraduate study programs.
The Center in Paris hosts various graduate study programs.
In fall 2010, the University of Chicago opened a center in Beijing.
The center is located near Renmin University's campus.
Renmin University is located in Haidian District.
The most recent addition is a center in New Delhi.
The center in New Delhi is located in India.
The center in New Delhi opened in 2014.
The most recent addition is a center in Hong Kong.
The center in Hong Kong opened in 2015.
The University of Chicago is an educational institution.
The University of Chicago is governed by a board of trustees.
The Board of Trustees oversees the long-term development and plans of the university.
The Board of Trustees manages fundraising efforts.
The Board of Trustees is composed of 50 members.
One member of the Board of Trustees is the university President.
The President has direct reports.
The Provost is directly beneath the President.
There are fourteen Vice Presidents who report directly to the President.
The Chief Financial Officer is one of the Vice Presidents.
The Chief Investment Officer is one of the Vice Presidents.
The Dean of Students of the university is one of the Vice Presidents.
The Directors of Argonne National Laboratory report directly to the President.
The Director of Fermilab reports directly to the President.
The Secretary of the university reports directly to the President.
The Student Ombudsperson reports directly to the President.
As of August 2009, Andrew Alper is the Chairman of the Board of Trustees.
Robert Zimmer is the President of the university.
In December 2013, an announcement was made.
The announcement stated that Eric Isaacs would become Provost.
Eric Isaacs was the Director of Argonne National Laboratory.
Isaacs was replaced as Provost in March 2016.
Daniel Diermeier replaced Isaacs as Provost in March 2016.
It seems that you have not provided any content to decompose.
Please provide the text you would like me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
The academic bodies of the University of Chicago consist of the College.
The academic bodies of the University of Chicago consist of four divisions of graduate research.
The academic bodies of the University of Chicago consist of seven professional schools.
The university contains a library system.
The university contains the University of Chicago Press.
The university contains the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools.
The university contains the University of Chicago Medical Center.
The university holds ties with a number of independent academic institutions.
The independent academic institutions include Fermilab.
The independent academic institutions include Argonne National Laboratory.
The independent academic institutions include the Marine Biological Laboratory.
The university is accredited.
The accrediting body is The Higher Learning Commission.
The College of the University of Chicago grants Bachelor of Arts degrees.
The College of the University of Chicago grants Bachelor of Science degrees.
The College of the University of Chicago offers 50 academic majors.
The College of the University of Chicago offers 28 minors.
The college's academics are divided into five divisions.
The five divisions are the Biological Sciences Collegiate Division.
The five divisions are the Physical Sciences Collegiate Division.
The five divisions are the Social Sciences Collegiate Division.
The five divisions are the Humanities Collegiate Division.
The five divisions are the New Collegiate Division.
The first four are sections within their corresponding graduate divisions.
The New Collegiate Division administers interdisciplinary majors and studies.
The interdisciplinary majors and studies do not fit in one of the other four divisions.
Undergraduate students are required to take a distribution of courses.
The distribution of courses is to satisfy the university's core curriculum.
The university's core curriculum is known as the Common Core.
In 2012-2013, the Core classes at Chicago were limited to 17 students.
The Core classes at Chicago are generally led by a full-time professor.
A full-time professor is different from a teaching assistant.
As of the 2013–2014 school year, 15 courses are required under the Core.
Demonstrated proficiency in a foreign language is required under the Core.
Undergraduate courses at the University of Chicago are known for their demanding standards.
Undergraduate courses at the University of Chicago are known for their heavy workload.
Undergraduate courses at the University of Chicago are known for their academic difficulty.
Uni in the USA is a source that provides information about American universities.
Uni in the USA states that among the academic cream of American universities, Harvard, Yale, Princeton, MIT, and the University of Chicago are included.
Uni in the USA claims that the University of Chicago can most convincingly claim to provide the most rigorous learning experience.
Uni in the USA claims that the University of Chicago can most convincingly claim to provide the most intense learning experience.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
The university runs a number of academic institutions.
The university runs a number of academic programs.
The academic institutions and programs are apart from the undergraduate schools.
The academic institutions and programs are apart from the postgraduate schools.
The University of Chicago operates the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools.
The University of Chicago Laboratory Schools is a private day school for K-12 students and day care.
The University of Chicago operates the Sonia Shankman Orthogenic School.
The Sonia Shankman Orthogenic School is a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems.
The University of Chicago operates four public charter schools on the South Side of Chicago.
The four public charter schools on the South Side of Chicago are administered by the University of Chicago's Urban Education Institute.
The Hyde Park Day School maintains a location on the University of Chicago campus.
The Hyde Park Day School is a school for students with learning disabilities.
Since 1983, the University of Chicago has maintained the University of Chicago School Mathematics Project.
The University of Chicago School Mathematics Project is a mathematics program.
The University of Chicago School Mathematics Project is used in urban primary schools.
The University of Chicago School Mathematics Project is used in urban secondary schools.
The university runs a program called the Council on Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences and Humanities.
The Council on Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences and Humanities administers interdisciplinary workshops.
The interdisciplinary workshops provide a forum for graduate students to present scholarly work in progress.
The interdisciplinary workshops provide a forum for faculty to present scholarly work in progress.
The interdisciplinary workshops provide a forum for visiting scholars to present scholarly work in progress.
The university operates the University of Chicago Press.
The University of Chicago Press is the largest university press in the United States.
The University of Chicago Library system encompasses six libraries.
The six libraries contain a total of 9.
The library system has 8 million volumes.
The library system is the 11th most among library systems in the United States.
The university's main library is the Regenstein Library.
The Regenstein Library contains one of the largest collections of print volumes in the United States.
The Joe and Rika Mansueto Library was built in 2011.
The Joe and Rika Mansueto Library houses a large study space.
The Joe and Rika Mansueto Library houses an automatic book storage and retrieval system.
The John Crerar Library contains more than 1.
There are 3 million volumes in the biological sciences.
There are 3 million volumes in the medical sciences.
There are 3 million volumes in the physical sciences.
There are collections in general science.
There are collections in the philosophy of science.
There are collections in the history of science.
There are collections in medicine.
There are collections in technology.
The university operates a number of special libraries.
The special libraries include the D'Angelo Law Library.
The special libraries include the Social Service Administration Library.
The special libraries include the Eckhart Library for mathematics and computer science.
The Eckhart Library for mathematics and computer science closed temporarily for renovation on July 8, 2013.
Harper Memorial Library no longer contains any volumes.
Harper Memorial Library is a 24-hour study space on campus.
The Regenstein Library is a 24-hour study space on campus.
The university operates 12 research institutes on campus.
The university operates 113 research centers on campus.
The Oriental Institute is a museum and research center for Near Eastern studies.
The Oriental Institute is owned and operated by the university.
There are a number of National Resource Centers.
One of the National Resource Centers is the Center for Middle Eastern Studies.
Chicago operates a number of research institutions.
Chicago is affiliated with a number of research institutions.
The research institutions are apart from the university proper.
The university partially manages Argonne National Laboratory.
Argonne National Laboratory is part of the United States Department of Energy's national laboratory system.
The university has a joint stake in Fermilab.
Fermilab is a nearby particle physics laboratory.
The university has a stake in the Apache Point Observatory.
The Apache Point Observatory is located in Sunspot, New Mexico.
Faculty and students at the adjacent Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago collaborate with the university.
In 2013, the university announced that it was affiliating the formerly independent Marine Biological Laboratory.
The Marine Biological Laboratory is located in Woods Hole, Massachusetts.
The National Opinion Research Center is formally unrelated to other entities.
The National Opinion Research Center is located on Chicago's campus.
The University of Chicago has been the site of important experiments.
The University of Chicago has been the site of important academic movements.
In economics, the university has played an important role in shaping ideas about the free market.
The university is the namesake of the Chicago school of economics.
The Chicago school of economics is a school of economic thought.
Milton Friedman is an economist.
Milton Friedman supported the Chicago school of economics.
Other economists also supported the Chicago school of economics.
The university's sociology department was the first independent sociology department in the United States.
The university's sociology department gave birth to the Chicago school of sociology.
In physics, the university was the site of the Chicago Pile-1.
The Chicago Pile-1 was the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction.
The Chicago Pile-1 was part of the Manhattan Project.
The university was the site of Robert Millikan's oil-drop experiment.
Robert Millikan's oil-drop experiment calculated the charge of the electron.
The university was the site of the development of radiocarbon dating.
Willard F was involved in the development of radiocarbon dating.
Libby was present in 1947.
The chemical experiment tested how life originated on early Earth.
The Miller–Urey experiment was the name of the chemical experiment.
The Miller–Urey experiment was conducted at the university.
REM sleep was discovered at the university in 1953.
Nathaniel Kleitman was one of the discoverers of REM sleep.
Eugene Aserinsky was one of the discoverers of REM sleep.
The UChicago Arts program joins academic departments in the Division of the Humanities.
The UChicago Arts program joins programs in the College.
The UChicago Arts program joins professional organizations.
The Court Theatre is a professional organization.
The Oriental Institute is a professional organization.
The Smart Museum of Art is a professional organization.
The Renaissance Society is a professional organization.
University of Chicago Presents is a professional organization.
The UChicago Arts program joins student arts organizations.
The university has an artist-in-residence program.
The university has scholars in performance studies.
The university has scholars in contemporary art criticism.
The university has scholars in film history.
The institution has offered a doctorate in music composition since 1933.
The institution has offered a doctorate in Cinema & Media studies since 2000.
The institution has offered a master of fine arts in visual arts since the early 1970s.
The institution has offered a master of arts in the humanities with a creative writing track since 2000.
The institution has bachelor's degree programs in visual arts.
The institution has bachelor's degree programs in music.
The institution has bachelor's degree programs in art history.
The institution has bachelor's degree programs in Cinema & Media studies.
Cinema & Media studies was introduced in 1996.
The institution has bachelor's degree programs in theater & performance studies.
Theater & performance studies was introduced in 2002.
The College has a general education core.
The general education core includes a requirement for dramatic arts.
The general education core includes a requirement for music arts.
The general education core includes a requirement for visual arts.
The requirement for dramatic, music, and visual arts requires students to study the history of the arts.
The requirement for dramatic, music, and visual arts requires students to stage desire.
The requirement for dramatic, music, and visual arts requires students to begin working with sculpture.
Several thousand major undergraduates enroll annually in creative and performing arts classes.
Several thousand non-major undergraduates enroll annually in creative and performing arts classes.
UChicago is often considered the birthplace of improvisational comedy.
The Compass Players student comedy troupe evolved into The Second City improv theater troupe in 1959.
The Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts opened in October 2012.
The Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts opened five years after a $35 million gift.
David Logan is an alumnus.
David Logan is the husband of Reva Logan.
David Logan and Reva Logan made a $35 million gift.
The center includes spaces for exhibitions.
The center includes spaces for performances.
The center includes spaces for classes.
The center includes spaces for media production.
The Logan Center was designed by Tod Williams.
The Logan Center was designed by Billie Tsien.
The building is entirely made of glass.
The brick is a facade.
The facade is designed to keep the glass safe from the wind.
The architects later removed sections of the bricks.
The removal of sections of the bricks occurred when pressure arose.
The pressure arose in the form of complaints.
The complaints stated that the views of the city were blocked.
In the fall quarter of 2014, the University of Chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the College.
In the fall quarter of 2014, the University of Chicago enrolled 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions.
In the fall quarter of 2014, the University of Chicago enrolled 5,984 students in its professional schools.
In the fall quarter of 2014, the University of Chicago enrolled 15,244 students overall.
In the 2012 Spring Quarter, international students comprised almost 19% of the overall study body.
Over 26% of students were domestic ethnic minorities.
About 44% of enrolled students were female.
Admissions to the University of Chicago is highly selective.
The middle 50% band of SAT scores for the undergraduate class of 2015 was 1420–1530.
The writing section was excluded from the middle 50% band of SAT scores.
The average MCAT score for entering students in the Pritzker School of Medicine in 2011 was 36.
The median LSAT score for entering students in the Law School in 2011 was 171.
In 2015, the College of the University of Chicago had an acceptance rate of 7.
8% was the percentage for the Class of 2019.
8% was the lowest percentage in the college's history.
The Maroons compete in the NCAA's Division III.
The Maroons are members of the University Athletic Association.
The University Athletic Association is abbreviated as UAA.
The university was a founding member of the Big Ten Conference.
The university participated in the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball.
The university participated in NCAA Division I Football.
The university was a regular participant in the Men's Basketball tournament.
In 1935, the University of Chicago reached the Sweet Sixteen.
In 1935, Jay Berwanger became the first winner of the Heisman Trophy.
Jay Berwanger was a football player for the Chicago Maroons.
The university chose to withdraw from the conference in 1946.
Robert Maynard Hutchins was the University President.
Robert Maynard Hutchins de-emphasized varsity athletics in 1939.
Robert Maynard Hutchins dropped football.
In 1969, Chicago reinstated football as a Division III team.
Chicago resumed playing its home games at the new Stagg Field.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
Students at the University of Chicago run over 400 clubs and organizations.
The clubs and organizations are known as Recognized Student Organizations (RSOs).
Cultural groups are included.
Religious groups are included.
Academic clubs are included.
Teams are included.
Common-interest organizations are included.
Notable extracurricular groups include the University of Chicago College Bowl Team.
The University of Chicago College Bowl Team has won 118 tournaments.
The University of Chicago College Bowl Team has won 15 national championships.
The University of Chicago College Bowl Team leads both categories internationally.
The university's competitive Model United Nations team was the top ranked team in North America in 2013-14.
The university's competitive Model United Nations team was the top ranked team in North America in 2014-2015.
Doc Films is the nation's longest continuously running student film society.
The organizing committee is for the University of Chicago Scavenger Hunt.
The Chicago Maroon is a twice-weekly student newspaper.
South Side Weekly is an alternative weekly student newspaper.
Off-Off Campus is the nation's second oldest continuously running student improvisational theater troupe.
WHPK is the university-owned radio station.
All Recognized Student Organizations are funded by The University of Chicago Student Government.
The University of Chicago Scavenger Hunt is a Recognized Student Organization.
Model UN is a Recognized Student Organization.
Academic teams are funded by The University of Chicago Student Government.
Sports clubs are funded by The University of Chicago Student Government.
Arts groups are funded by The University of Chicago Student Government.
There are more Recognized Student Organizations that are funded by The University of Chicago Student Government.
Student Government is made up of graduate students.
Student Government is made up of undergraduate students.
Graduate students are elected to represent members from their respective academic unit.
Undergraduate students are elected to represent members from their respective academic unit.
The organization is led by an Executive Committee.
The Executive Committee is chaired by a President.
The President is assisted by two Vice Presidents.
One Vice President is for Administration.
The other Vice President is for Student Life.
The President and the two Vice Presidents are elected together as a slate.
The student body elects the President and the two Vice Presidents each spring.
The annual budget is greater than $2 million.
There are fifteen fraternities at the University of Chicago.
There are seven sororities at the University of Chicago.
There is one co-ed community service fraternity at the University of Chicago.
The name of the co-ed community service fraternity is Alpha Phi Omega.
Four of the sororities are members of the National Panhellenic Conference.
Ten of the fraternities form the University of Chicago Interfraternity Council.
In 2002, the Associate Director of Student Activities made an estimation.
The estimation was that 8–10 percent of undergraduates were members of fraternities or sororities.
The Associate Director of Student Activities is a position within a university.
The student activities office has used similar figures.
The student activities office states that one in ten undergraduates participate in Greek life.
Every May since 1987, the University of Chicago has held the University of Chicago Scavenger Hunt.
The University of Chicago Scavenger Hunt involves large teams of students.
Large teams of students compete to obtain notoriously esoteric items from a list.
Since 1963, the Festival of the Arts takes over campus for 7–10 days.
The Festival of the Arts includes exhibitions.
The Festival of the Arts includes interactive artistic endeavors.
Every January, the university holds a week-long winter festival.
The winter festival is called Kuviasungnerk/Kangeiko.
The winter festival includes early morning exercise routines.
The winter festival includes fitness workshops.
The university annually holds a summer carnival and concert called Summer Breeze.
Summer Breeze hosts outside musicians.
Doc Films is a student film society.
Doc Films was founded in 1932.
Doc Films screens films nightly at the university.
Since 1946, the university has organized the Latke-Hamantash Debate.
The Latke-Hamantash Debate involves humorous discussions about the relative merits of latkes.
The Latke-Hamantash Debate involves humorous discussions about the meanings of hamantashen.
In business, notable alumni include Satya Nadella.
Satya Nadella is the CEO of Microsoft.
In business, notable alumni include Larry Ellison.
Larry Ellison is the founder of Oracle Corporation.
Larry Ellison is the third richest man in America.
In business, notable alumni include Jon Corzine.
Jon Corzine is the CEO of Goldman Sachs.
Jon Corzine is the CEO of MF Global.
Jon Corzine is a former Governor of New Jersey.
In business, notable alumni include James O.
James O is the founder of McKinsey & Company.
James O is the author of the first management accounting textbook.
McKinsey is a named entity.
Arley D is a named entity.
Cathey is a named entity.
Bloomberg L is a named entity.
Daniel Doctoroff is the CEO.
Brady Dougan is the CEO of Credit Suisse.
Morningstar, Inc is a company.
Joe Mansueto is the founder and CEO.
Thomas S is the owner and chairman of the Chicago Cubs.
Ricketts is a named entity.
Adam Silver is the NBA commissioner.
Saul Alinsky was the founder of modern community organizing.
David Axelrod was an Obama campaign advisor.
David Axelrod was a top political advisor to President Bill Clinton.
Robert Bork was an Attorney General.
Robert Bork was a federal judge.
Ramsey Clark was an Attorney General.
Eliot Ness was a Prohibition agent.
John Paul Stevens was a Supreme Court Justice.
William Lyon Mackenzie King was the Prime Minister of Canada.
Marek Belka was the 11th Prime Minister of Poland.
Masaaki Shirakawa was the Governor of the Bank of Japan.
Carol Moseley Braun was the first female African-American Senator.
Bernie Sanders is a United States Senator from Vermont.
Bernie Sanders was a 2016 Democratic Presidential Candidate.
Paul Wolfowitz was a former World Bank President.
Lauren Oliver is the author of the New York Times bestseller Before I Fall.
Philip Roth is a Pulitzer Prize winning novelist.
Saul Bellow is a Canadian-born writer.
Saul Bellow is a Pulitzer Prize winning writer.
Saul Bellow is a Nobel Prize for Literature winning writer.
Allan Bloom is a political philosopher.
Allan Bloom is a literary critic.
Allan Bloom is the author of the New York Times bestseller The Closing of the American Mind.
Studs Terkel is the author of The Good War.
Susan Sontag is an American writer.
Susan Sontag is an essayist.
Susan Sontag is a filmmaker.
Susan Sontag is a teacher.
Susan Sontag is a political activist.
Richard Rorty is an analytic philosopher.
Richard Rorty is a Stanford University Professor of Comparative Literature.
Kurt Vonnegut is an American writer.
Kurt Vonnegut is a satirist.
Lauren Oliver, Philip Roth, Saul Bellow, Allan Bloom, Studs Terkel, Susan Sontag, Richard Rorty, and Kurt Vonnegut are notable alumni.
Philip Glass is a minimalist composer.
Katherine Dunham is a dancer, choreographer, and leader in the field of dance anthropology.
Alex Seropian is the founder of Bungie and a developer of the Halo video game series.
Sarah Koenig is the host of Serial.
Ed Asner is an actor.
Roger Ebert won the Pulitzer Prize for Criticism.
Roger Ebert was the subject of the 2014 documentary film Life Itself.
Mike Nichols is a director, writer, and comedian.
Philip Kaufman is a film director and screenwriter.
Carl Van Vechten was a photographer and writer.
Philip Glass, Katherine Dunham, Alex Seropian, Sarah Koenig, Ed Asner, Roger Ebert, Mike Nichols, Philip Kaufman, and Carl Van Vechten are graduates.
In science, alumni include astronomers Carl Sagan and Edwin Hubble.
Carl Sagan was a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life.
Edwin Hubble is known for 'Hubble's Law'.
NASA astronaut John M is also included among the alumni.
James Watson is a geneticist.
James Watson is best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of DNA.
Luis Alvarez is an experimental physicist.
David Suzuki is a popular environmentalist.
Jeannette Piccard is a balloonist.
Ernest Everett Just is a biologist.
Lynn Margulis is a biologist.
Richard Hamming is a computer scientist.
Richard Hamming is the creator of the Hamming Code.
John B is a lithium-ion battery developer.
Paul Joseph Cohen is a mathematician.
Paul Joseph Cohen is a recipient of the Fields Medal.
Clair Cameron Patterson is a geochemist.
Clair Cameron Patterson developed the uranium-lead dating method.
Clair Cameron Patterson developed the lead-lead dating method.
Stanton Friedman is a nuclear physicist.
Stanton Friedman is a researcher.
Stanton Friedman worked on some early projects involving nuclear-powered spacecraft propulsion systems.
Stanton Friedman is also a graduate.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Milton Friedman was a notable winner of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.
Milton Friedman was a major advisor to the Republican Party.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Ronald Reagan was the President of the United States.
Margaret Thatcher was a Conservative British Prime Minister.
George Stigler was a Nobel laureate.
George Stigler was a proponent of regulatory capture theory.
Gary Becker was an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics.
Herbert A is mentioned but lacks additional context.
Simon is responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making.
Paul Samuelson is the first American to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.
Eugene Fama is known for his work on portfolio theory, asset pricing, and stock market behaviour.
Simon, Paul Samuelson, and Eugene Fama are all graduates.
Thomas Sowell is an American economist.
Thomas Sowell is a social theorist.
Thomas Sowell is a political philosopher.
Thomas Sowell is an author.
Thomas Sowell is also an alumnus.
Other prominent alumni include David Graeber.
David Graeber is an anthropologist.
Other prominent alumni include Donald Johanson.
Donald Johanson is an anthropologist.
Donald Johanson is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as 'Lucy'.
The fossil of 'Lucy' was discovered in the Afar Triangle region.
Other prominent alumni include John B.
John B is a psychologist.
John B. Watson was an American psychologist.
John B. Watson established the psychological school of behaviorism.
Harold Innis was a communication theorist.
Samuel Reshevsky was a chess grandmaster.
Samuel P. Huntington was a conservative international relations scholar.
Samuel P. Huntington served as the White House Coordinator of Security Planning for the National Security Council.
Notable faculty in physics have included A.
A is a speed of light calculator.
Michelson is a named entity.
Robert A is a named entity.
Robert A is an elementary charge calculator.
Millikan was the discoverer of the Compton Effect.
Arthur H was associated with Millikan.
Compton was the creator of the first nuclear reactor.
Enrico Fermi was known as the father of the hydrogen bomb.
Edward Teller was one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century.
Luis Walter Alvarez was a notable experimental physicist.
Murray Gell-Mann introduced the quark.
Maria Goeppert-Mayer was the second female Nobel laureate.
Tsung-Dao Lee was the youngest American winner of the Nobel Prize.
Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar was an astrophysicist.
Past faculty have included Egyptologist James Henry Breasted.
James Henry Breasted was an Egyptologist.
Past faculty have included mathematician Alberto Calderón.
Alberto Calderón was a mathematician.
Past faculty have included Nobel prize winning economist Friedrich Hayek.
Friedrich Hayek was a Nobel prize winning economist.
Friedrich Hayek was a defender of classical liberalism.
Past faculty have included meteorologist Ted Fujita.
Ted Fujita was a meteorologist.
Past faculty have included chemists Glenn T.
Seaborg was the developer of the actinide concept.
Seaborg was a Nobel Prize winner.
Yuan T was a Nobel Prize winner.
Lee is a Nobel Prize winning novelist.
Saul Bellow is a Nobel Prize winning novelist.
Allan Bloom is a political philosopher and author.
Charles Brenton Huggins is a cancer researcher.
Janet Rowley is a cancer researcher.
Gerard Kuiper is an astronomer.
Edward Sapir is one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics.
Edward Sapir is a linguist.
The founder of McKinsey & Co is a notable figure.
James O is a named entity.
McKinsey is a global management consulting firm.
Current faculty include the anthropologist Marshall Sahlins.
Current faculty include the historian Dipesh Chakrabarty.
Current faculty include the paleontologist Neil Shubin.
Current faculty include the paleontologist Paul Sereno.
Current faculty include the evolutionary biologist Jerry Coyne.
Current faculty include the Nobel prize winning physicist Yoichiro Nambu.
Current faculty include the Nobel prize winning physicist James Cronin.
Current faculty include the Nobel Prize winning economist Eugene Fama.
Current faculty include the Nobel Prize winning economist James Heckman.
Current faculty include the Nobel Prize winning economist Lars Peter Hansen.
Current faculty include the Nobel Prize winning economist Roger Myerson.
Current faculty include the Nobel Prize winning economist Robert Lucas, Jr.
Steven Levitt is the author of Freakonomics.
Steven Levitt is a noted economist.
Raghuram Rajan is the current governor of India's central bank.
Hank Paulson is the 74th United States Secretary of the Treasury.
Hank Paulson is a former Chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs.
Austan Goolsbee is a former Chairman of President Barack Obama's Council of Economic Advisors.
David Bevington is a Shakespeare scholar.
John Mearsheimer is a renowned political scientist.
Robert Pape is a renowned political scientist.
The Yuan dynasty was officially known as the Great Yuan.
The Yuan dynasty is referred to in Chinese as 元朝.
The Yuan dynasty is referred to in pinyin as Yuán Cháo.
The Yuan dynasty is referred to in Mongolian as Yehe Yuan Ulus.
The Yuan dynasty was the empire or ruling dynasty of China.
The Yuan dynasty was established by Kublai Khan.
Kublai Khan was the leader of the Mongolian Borjigin clan.
The Mongols had ruled territories including today's North China for decades.
Kublai Khan officially proclaimed the dynasty in the traditional Chinese style in 1271.
His realm was isolated from the other khanates by this point.
His realm controlled most of present-day China.
His realm controlled areas surrounding present-day China.
His realm included modern Mongolia.
His realm included Korea.
The first foreign dynasty to rule all of China was established.
The foreign dynasty lasted until 1368.
After 1368, the Genghisid rulers returned to their Mongolian homeland.
The Genghisid rulers continued to rule the Northern Yuan dynasty.
Some of the Mongolian Emperors of the Yuan mastered the Chinese language.
Other Mongolian Emperors of the Yuan only used their native language.
Mongolian is a language.
'Phags-pa script is a writing system.
The Yuan dynasty is considered a successor to the Mongol Empire.
The Yuan dynasty is considered an imperial Chinese dynasty.
The khanate was ruled by the successors of Möngke Khan.
The khanate existed after the division of the Mongol Empire.
In official Chinese histories, the Yuan dynasty bore the Mandate of Heaven.
The Yuan dynasty followed the Song dynasty.
The Yuan dynasty preceded the Ming dynasty.
The dynasty was established by Kublai Khan.
Kublai Khan placed his grandfather Genghis Khan on the imperial records.
Genghis Khan was recognized as the official founder of the dynasty.
Genghis Khan was referred to as Taizu.
In the Proclamation of the Dynastic Name, Kublai announced the name of the new dynasty as Great Yuan.
Kublai claimed the succession of former Chinese dynasties from the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors to the Tang dynasty.
In 1271, Kublai Khan imposed the name Great Yuan.
Great Yuan is represented in Chinese as 大元.
Great Yuan is represented in pinyin as Dà Yuán.
Great Yuan is represented in Wade–Giles as Ta-Yüan.
Kublai Khan established the Yuan dynasty.
Dà Yuán is from the sentence '大哉乾元'.
'大哉乾元' translates to 'Great is Qián, the Primal'.
'大哉乾元' is found in the Commentaries on the Classic of Changes.
The Commentaries on the Classic of Changes is also known as the I Ching.
The section regarding Qián is part of the Commentaries on the Classic of Changes.
The counterpart in the Mongolian language was Dai Ön Ulus.
Dai Ön Ulus is also rendered as Ikh Yuan Üls.
Dai Ön Ulus is also rendered as Yekhe Yuan Ulus.
In Mongolian, Dai Ön is often used.
Dai Ön translates to Great Yuan.
Dai Ön is used in conjunction with the term Yeke Mongghul Ulus.
Yeke Mongghul Ulus is a term that translates to a larger concept.
The Great Mongol State is also known as Dai Ön Yeke Mongghul Ulus.
Dai Ön Yeke Mongghul Ulus is written in Mongolian script.
Dai Ön Yeke Mongghul Ulus means 'Great Yuan Great Mongol State'.
The Yuan dynasty is also known as the Mongol dynasty.
The Yuan dynasty is also known as the Mongol Dynasty of China.
The Qing dynasty is also known as the Manchu dynasty.
The Qing dynasty is also known as the Manchu Dynasty of China.
The names Mongol dynasty and Mongol Dynasty of China are similar to the names Manchu dynasty and Manchu Dynasty of China.
The Yuan is sometimes known as the 'Empire of the Great Khan'.
The Yuan is sometimes known as the 'Khanate of the Great Khan'.
The titles 'Empire of the Great Khan' and 'Khanate of the Great Khan' particularly appeared on some Yuan maps.
Yuan emperors held the nominal title of Great Khan.
Both terms can refer to the khanate within the Mongol Empire.
The khanate within the Mongol Empire was directly ruled by Great Khans.
The actual establishment of the Yuan dynasty occurred in 1271.
Kublai Khan was the ruler who established the Yuan dynasty.
Genghis Khan united the Mongol tribes of the steppes.
Genghis Khan united the Turkic tribes of the steppes.
Genghis Khan became Great Khan in 1206.
He expanded the Mongol empire across Asia.
His successors expanded the Mongol empire across Asia.
Ögedei Khan was the third son of Genghis Khan.
The Mongols destroyed the weakened Jin dynasty in 1234.
The Mongols conquered most of northern China.
Ögedei offered a position in Xingzhou, Hebei to his nephew Kublai.
Xingzhou is located in Hebei.
Kublai was unable to read Chinese.
Kublai had several Han Chinese teachers attached to him since his early years.
Sorghaghtani was Kublai's mother.
He sought the counsel of advisers.
The advisers were Chinese Buddhist advisers.
The advisers were Confucian advisers.
Möngke Khan succeeded Güyük as Great Khan in 1251.
Güyük was Ögedei's son.
He granted control over Mongol held territories in China to his brother Kublai.
Kublai is the brother of the individual who granted control.
Kublai built schools for Confucian scholars.
Kublai issued paper money.
Kublai revived Chinese rituals.
Kublai endorsed policies that stimulated agricultural growth.
Kublai endorsed policies that stimulated commercial growth.
He adopted Kaiping as his capital city.
Kaiping is located in Inner Mongolia.
Kaiping was later renamed Shangdu.
Many Han Chinese defected to the Mongols.
Many Khitan defected to the Mongols.
The Han Chinese and Khitan defected to the Mongols to fight against the Jin.
Two Han Chinese leaders defected.
The names of the two Han Chinese leaders are Shi Tianze and Liu Heima.
Liu Heima is also known as Liu Ni.
The Khitan Xiao Zhala defected.
Xiao Zhala commanded the 3 Tumens in the Mongol army.
Liu Heima served Ogödei Khan.
Shi Tianze served Ogödei Khan.
Liu Heima led an army against Western Xia for the Mongols.
Shi Tianxiang led an army against Western Xia for the Mongols.
There were 4 Han Tumens.
There were 3 Khitan Tumens.
Each Tumen consisted of 10,000 troops.
The three Khitan Generals were Shimobeidier, Tabuyir, and Xiaozhacizhizizhongxi.
Shimobeidier is also known as 石抹孛迭兒.
Tabuyir is also known as 塔不已兒.
Xiaozhacizhizizhongxi is also known as 蕭札刺之子重喜.
The three Khitan Generals commanded the three Khitan Tumens.
The four Han Generals were Zhang Rou, Yan Shi, Shi Tianze, and Liu Heima.
Zhang Rou commanded one of the four Han Tumens.
Yan Shi commanded one of the four Han Tumens.
Shi Tianze commanded one of the four Han Tumens.
Liu Heima commanded one of the four Han Tumens.
The four Han Tumens were under the command of Ogödei Khan.
Shi Tianze was a Han Chinese.
Shi Tianze lived in the Jin dynasty.
Interethnic marriage between Han and Jurchen became common at this time.
Han is an ethnic group in China.
Jurchen is an ethnic group in Northeast Asia.
His father was Shi Bingzhi.
Shi Bingzhi is also known as 史秉直.
Shi Bingzhi is also known as Shih Ping-chih.
Shi Bingzhi was married to a Jurchen woman.
The surname of the Jurchen woman was Na-ho.
Shi Bingzhi was married to a Han Chinese woman.
The surname of the Han Chinese woman was Chang.
It is unknown which of the two women was Shi Tianze's mother.
Shi Tianze was married to two Jurchen women.
Shi Tianze was married to one Han Chinese woman.
Shi Tianze was married to one Korean woman.
Shi Gang was born to one of Shi Tianze's Jurchen wives.
The surname of the Jurchen wife named Mo-nien was Mo-nien.
The surname of the Jurchen wife named Na-ho was Na-ho.
The surname of the Korean wife was Li.
The surname of the Han Chinese wife was Shi.
Shi Tianze defected to Mongol forces.
The Mongol forces invaded the Jin dynasty.
Shi Gang is the son of the unnamed individual.
Shi Gang married a Kerait woman.
The Kerait were Mongolified Turkic people.
The Kerait were considered part of the 'Mongol nation'.
Shi Tianze served in the Jin dynasty.
Zhang Rou served in the Jin dynasty.
Yan Shi served in the Jin dynasty.
Shi Tianze, Zhang Rou, Yan Shi, and other high ranking Chinese defected to the Mongols.
Shi Tianze, Zhang Rou, Yan Shi, and other high ranking Chinese helped build the structure for the administration of the new state.
Chagaan and Zhang Rou jointly launched an attack on the Song dynasty.
The attack on the Song dynasty was ordered by Töregene Khatun.
Möngke Khan commenced a military campaign against the Chinese Song dynasty.
The Chinese Song dynasty is located in southern China.
The Mongol force that invaded southern China was far greater than the force that the Mongol Empire sent to invade the Middle East in 1256.
The Mongol Empire sent a force to invade the Middle East in 1256.
He died in 1259.
He died without a successor.
Kublai returned from fighting the Song in 1260.
Kublai learned that his brother was challenging his claim to the throne.
Ariq Böke was Kublai's brother.
Ariq Böke was challenging Kublai's claim to the throne.
Kublai convened a kurultai in Kaiping.
The kurultai elected Kublai as Great Khan.
A rival kurultai was proclaimed in Mongolia.
Ariq Böke was proclaimed Great Khan by the rival kurultai.
The proclamation of Ariq Böke as Great Khan began a civil war.
Kublai depended on the cooperation of his Chinese subjects.
The cooperation of Kublai's Chinese subjects was necessary to ensure that Kublai's army received ample resources.
He bolstered his popularity among his subjects.
He modeled his government on the bureaucracy of traditional Chinese dynasties.
He adopted the Chinese era name of Zhongtong.
Ariq Böke was hampered by inadequate supplies.
Ariq Böke surrendered in 1264.
All of the three western khanates became functionally autonomous.
The three western khanates are the Golden Horde, the Chagatai Khanate, and the Ilkhanate.
Only the Ilkhans truly recognized Kublai as Great Khan.
Civil strife had permanently divided the Mongol Empire.
Instability troubled the early years of Kublai Khan's reign.
Kublai Khan was a ruler.
Ogedei's grandson is Kaidu.
Kaidu refused to submit to Kublai.
Kaidu threatened the western frontier of Kublai's domain.
The Song dynasty was hostile.
The Song dynasty was weakened.
The Song dynasty remained an obstacle in the south.
Kublai secured the northeast border in 1259.
Kublai installed the hostage prince Wonjong as the ruler of Korea.
Korea became a Mongol tributary state.
Kublai was threatened by domestic unrest.
Li Tan was the son-in-law of a powerful official.
Li Tan instigated a revolt against Mongol rule in 1262.
Kublai successfully suppressed the revolt.
Kublai curbed the influence of the Han Chinese advisers in his court.
He feared that his dependence on Chinese officials left him vulnerable to future revolts.
He feared that his dependence on Chinese officials left him vulnerable to defections to the Song.
His dependence on Chinese officials was a source of vulnerability.
Kublai's government after 1262 was a compromise.
The compromise was between preserving Mongol interests in China.
The compromise was also about satisfying the demands of Kublai's Chinese subjects.
He instituted the reforms proposed by his Chinese advisers.
He centralized the bureaucracy.
He expanded the circulation of paper money.
He maintained the traditional monopolies on salt.
He maintained the traditional monopolies on iron.
He restored the Imperial Secretariat.
He left the local administrative structure of past Chinese dynasties unchanged.
Kublai rejected plans to revive the Confucian imperial examinations.
Kublai divided Yuan society into three classes.
Later, Kublai divided Yuan society into four classes.
The Han Chinese occupied the lowest rank in Yuan society.
Kublai's Chinese advisers still wielded significant power in the government.
The official rank of Kublai's Chinese advisers was nebulous.
Kublai readied the move of the Mongol capital from Karakorum in Mongolia to Khanbaliq in 1264.
Kublai constructed a new city near the former Jurchen capital Zhongdu in 1266.
Zhongdu is now modern Beijing.
In 1271, Kublai formally claimed the Mandate of Heaven.
Kublai declared that 1272 was the first year of the Great Yuan.
The Great Yuan is referred to as 大元 in Chinese.
Kublai declared the first year of the Great Yuan in the style of a traditional Chinese dynasty.
The name of the dynasty originated from the I Ching.
The I Ching describes the origin of the universe.
The I Ching describes a primal force.
Kublai proclaimed Khanbaliq the 'Great Capital' of the dynasty.
Kublai proclaimed Khanbaliq Daidu.
Daidu is also known as Dadu.
Daidu is represented as 大都 in Chinese.
The era name was changed to Zhiyuan.
The change of the era name heralded a new era of Chinese history.
The adoption of a dynastic name legitimized Mongol rule.
The adoption of a dynastic name integrated the government into the narrative of traditional Chinese political succession.
Khublai evoked his public image as a sage emperor.
Khublai followed the rituals of Confucian propriety.
Khublai followed the rituals of ancestor veneration.
Khublai retained his roots as a leader from the steppes.
Kublai Khan promoted commercial growth.
Kublai Khan promoted scientific growth.
Kublai Khan promoted cultural growth.
He supported the merchants of the Silk Road trade network.
He protected the Mongol postal system.
He constructed infrastructure.
He provided loans that financed trade caravans.
He encouraged the circulation of paper banknotes.
The paper banknotes are referred to as 鈔 (Chao).
Pax Mongolica is also known as Mongol peace.
Pax Mongolica enabled the spread of technologies between China and the West.
Pax Mongolica enabled the spread of commodities between China and the West.
Pax Mongolica enabled the spread of culture between China and the West.
Kublai expanded the Grand Canal.
The Grand Canal was expanded from southern China to Daidu in the north.
Mongol rule was cosmopolitan.
Kublai Khan was a ruler of the Mongol Empire.
He welcomed foreign visitors to his court.
The foreign visitors included the Venetian merchant Marco Polo.
Marco Polo was a Venetian merchant.
Marco Polo wrote the most influential European account of Yuan China.
Marco Polo's travels would later inspire many others.
Christopher Columbus is one of the many others inspired by Marco Polo's travels.
Christopher Columbus sought to chart a passage to the Far East.
Christopher Columbus sought the legendary wealth of the Far East.
During the Southern Song dynasty, the descendant of Confucius at Qufu was the Duke Yansheng Kong Duanyou.
Kong Duanyou fled south with the Song Emperor to Quzhou.
The newly established Jin dynasty existed from 1115 to 1234.
The Jin dynasty appointed Kong Duanyou's brother Kong Duancao as Duke Yansheng.
Kong Duancao remained in Qufu.
From that time up until the Yuan dynasty, there were two Duke Yanshengs.
One Duke Yansheng was located in the north in Qufu.
The other Duke Yansheng was located in the south at Quzhou.
During the Yuan dynasty, the Emperor Kublai Khan invited the southern Duke Yansheng Kong Zhu to return to Qufu.
Kublai Khan was the Emperor during the Yuan dynasty.
Yansheng Kong Zhu was the southern Duke.
Kong Zhu refused the title.
Kong Zhu gave up the title.
The northern branch of the family kept the title of Duke Yansheng.
The southern branch still remained in Quzhou.
The southern branch lived in Quzhou to this day.
Confucius's descendants in Quzhou alone number 30,000.
During the Yuan dynasty, one of Confucius' descendants moved from China to Goryeo era Korea.
The descendant of Confucius established a branch of the family in Goryeo era Korea.
The descendant of Confucius married a Korean woman.
Kublai strengthened his government in northern China.
Kublai pursued an expansionist policy.
The expansionist policy was in line with the tradition of Mongol imperialism.
The expansionist policy was in line with the tradition of Chinese imperialism.
He renewed a massive drive against the Song dynasty.
The Song dynasty is located to the south.
Kublai besieged Xiangyang between 1268 and 1273.
Xiangyang was the last obstacle in Kublai's way to capture the rich Yangzi River basin.
An unsuccessful naval expedition was undertaken against Japan.
The naval expedition occurred in 1274.
Kublai captured the Song capital of Hangzhou in 1276.
Hangzhou was the wealthiest city of China.
Song loyalists escaped from the capital.
Song loyalists enthroned a young child as Emperor Bing of Song.
The young child was enthroned as Emperor Bing of Song.
The Mongols defeated the loyalists at the battle of Yamen.
The battle of Yamen occurred in 1279.
The last Song emperor drowned.
The drowning of the last Song emperor brought an end to the Song dynasty.
The conquest of the Song reunited northern China and southern China.
The reunion of northern China and southern China occurred for the first time in three hundred years.
Kublai's government faced financial difficulties.
The financial difficulties occurred after 1279.
Wars had drained the Mongol treasury.
Construction projects had drained the Mongol treasury.
Efforts to raise tax revenues were plagued by corruption.
Efforts to raise tax revenues were plagued by political scandals.
Efforts to collect tax revenues were plagued by corruption.
Efforts to collect tax revenues were plagued by political scandals.
Mishandled military expeditions occurred.
Financial problems preceded the mishandled military expeditions.
Kublai's second invasion of Japan occurred in 1281.
Kublai's second invasion of Japan failed.
The failure of Kublai's second invasion of Japan was due to an inauspicious typhoon.
Kublai botched his campaigns against Annam.
Kublai botched his campaigns against Champa.
Kublai botched his campaigns against Java.
Kublai won a Pyrrhic victory against Burma.
The expeditions were hampered by disease.
The expeditions were hampered by an inhospitable climate.
The expeditions were hampered by a tropical terrain unsuitable for the mounted warfare of the Mongols.
The tropical terrain was unsuitable for the mounted warfare of the Mongols.
The Tran dynasty ruled Annam.
Annam is also known as Dai Viet.
The Tran dynasty crushed and defeated the Mongols at the Battle of Bạch Đằng.
The Battle of Bạch Đằng occurred in 1288.
The Chinese region of Fujian was the original home of the Chinese Tran clan.
The Chinese Tran clan migrated under Trần Kinh to Dai Viet.
Trần Kinh is also known as 陳京 and Chén Jīng.
The descendants of the Chinese Tran clan established the Trần dynasty.
The Trần dynasty ruled Vietnam Đại Việt.
Certain members of the Chinese Tran clan could still speak Chinese.
A Yuan dynasty envoy had a meeting with the Chinese-speaking Trần prince Trần Quốc Tuấn in 1282.
Trần Quốc Tuấn is later known as King Trần Hưng Đạo.
Professor Liam Kelley noted that people from Song dynasty China fled to Tran dynasty ruled Vietnam after the Mongol invasion of the Song.
Zhao Zhong was a person from Song dynasty China.
Xu Zongdao was a person from Song dynasty China.
Zhao Zhong and Xu Zongdao helped the Tran fight against the Mongol invasion.
The Tran dynasty originated from the Fujian region of China.
Xu Zongdao was a Daoist cleric.
Xu Zongdao recorded the Mongol invasion.
Xu Zongdao referred to the Mongols as 'Northern bandits'.
Annam recognized Mongol hegemony.
Burma recognized Mongol hegemony.
Champa recognized Mongol hegemony.
Annam established tributary relations with the Yuan dynasty.
Burma established tributary relations with the Yuan dynasty.
Champa established tributary relations with the Yuan dynasty.
The conquest of Dali occurred in 1253.
The former ruling Duan dynasty were appointed as governors-general following the conquest of Dali.
The Duan dynasty was recognized as imperial officials by the Yuan government.
The Duan dynasty was recognized as imperial officials by the Ming government.
The Duan dynasty was recognized as imperial officials by the Qing-era government.
The Duan dynasty was recognized principally in the province of Yunnan.
Succession for the Yuan dynasty was an intractable problem.
The intractable problem of succession for the Yuan dynasty later caused much strife.
The intractable problem of succession for the Yuan dynasty later caused internal struggle.
This emerged as early as the end of Kublai's reign.
Kublai originally named his eldest son Zhenjin as the Crown Prince.
Zhenjin died before Kublai in 1285.
Zhenjin had a third son.
Kökejin was the mother of Zhenjin's third son.
Bayan was a minister who supported Zhenjin's third son.
Zhenjin's third son succeeded the throne.
Zhenjin's third son ruled as Temür Khan.
Temür Khan is also known as Emperor Chengzong.
Temür Khan ruled from 1294 to 1307.
Temür Khan decided to maintain much of the work begun by his grandfather.
Temür Khan decided to continue much of the work begun by his grandfather.
Temür Khan's grandfather began much of the work.
He made peace with the western Mongol khanates.
He made peace with neighboring countries such as Vietnam.
Vietnam recognized his nominal suzerainty.
Vietnam paid tributes for a few decades.
The corruption in the Yuan dynasty began during the reign of Temür Khan.
Temür Khan was a ruler of the Yuan dynasty.
Buyantu Khan was the fourth Yuan emperor.
Buyantu Khan is also known as Ayurbarwada.
Buyantu Khan was a competent emperor.
He was the first Yuan emperor to actively support mainstream Chinese culture after the reign of Kublai.
Some Mongol elite were discontent with the support of mainstream Chinese culture.
He had been mentored by Li Meng.
Li Meng was a Confucian academic.
He made many reforms.
One of the reforms was the liquidation of the Department of State Affairs.
The Department of State Affairs is also known as 尚書省 in Chinese.
The liquidation of the Department of State Affairs resulted in the execution of five of the highest-ranking officials.
The traditional imperial examinations were reintroduced in 1313.
The traditional imperial examinations were for prospective officials.
The traditional imperial examinations tested the knowledge of prospective officials on significant historical works.
He codified much of the law.
He published a number of Chinese books.
He translated a number of Chinese works.
Emperor Gegeen Khan ruled for only two years.
Emperor Gegeen Khan ruled from 1321 to 1323.
Ayurbarwada was the father of Emperor Gegeen Khan.
Ayurbarwada was the predecessor of Emperor Gegeen Khan.
He continued his father's policies to reform the government.
The reform of the government was based on Confucian principles.
He received help from his newly appointed grand chancellor Baiju.
During the reign of the Da Yuan Tong Zhi, a huge collection of codes and regulations of the Yuan dynasty was formally promulgated.
The Da Yuan Tong Zhi is also known as 大元通制.
The Da Yuan Tong Zhi translates to 'the comprehensive institutions of the Great Yuan.'
The collection of codes and regulations of the Yuan dynasty was begun by the father of the Da Yuan Tong Zhi.
Gegeen was assassinated in a coup.
The coup involved five princes from a rival faction.
The rival faction may have been a steppe elite.
The steppe elite was opposed to Confucian reforms.
Yesün Temür was placed on the throne.
Yesün Temür is also known as Taidingdi.
There was an unsuccessful attempt to calm the princes.
Yesün Temür succumbed to regicide.
Yesün Temür died in Shangdu in 1328.
Tugh Temür was recalled to Khanbaliq by El Temür.
El Temür was a Qipchaq commander.
He was installed as the emperor.
The name of the emperor is Emperor Wenzong.
Emperor Wenzong was installed in Khanbaliq.
Yesün Temür's son is Ragibagh.
Ragibagh succeeded to the throne in Shangdu.
Ragibagh had the support of Yesün Temür's favorite retainer.
Yesün Temür's favorite retainer is Dawlat Shah.
Khanbaliq-based Tugh Temür gained support from princes and officers in Northern China.
Khanbaliq-based Tugh Temür gained support from princes and officers in some other parts of the dynasty.
Khanbaliq-based Tugh Temür eventually won the civil war against Ragibagh.
The civil war against Ragibagh is known as the War of the Two Capitals.
Tugh Temür abdicated in favour of his brother Kusala.
Kusala was backed by Chagatai Khan Eljigidey.
Khanbaliq announced its intent to welcome Kusala.
Kusala suddenly died.
Kusala died only four days after a banquet with Tugh Temür.
The banquet was with Tugh Temür.
He was supposedly killed with poison.
El Temür killed him with poison.
Tugh Temür then remounted the throne.
Tugh Temür managed to send delegates to the western Mongol khanates.
The western Mongol khanates include the Golden Horde.
The western Mongol khanates include the Ilkhanate.
Tugh Temür sought to be accepted as the suzerain of the Mongol world.
He was mainly a puppet of the powerful official El Temür.
El Temür was a powerful official.
He reigned for three years during his latter reign.
El Temür purged pro-Kusala officials.
El Temür brought power to warlords.
The rule of the warlords was despotic.
The despotic rule of the warlords clearly marked the decline of the dynasty.
The bureaucracy was dominated by El Temür.
Tugh Temür is known for his cultural contribution instead.
He adopted many measures.
The measures honored Confucianism.
The measures promoted Chinese cultural values.
His most concrete effort to patronize Chinese learning was founding the Academy of the Pavilion of the Star of Literature.
The Academy of the Pavilion of the Star of Literature is also known in Chinese as 奎章閣學士院.
The Academy of the Pavilion of the Star of Literature was first established in the spring of 1329.
The Academy of the Pavilion of the Star of Literature was designed to undertake a number of tasks.
The tasks related to the transmission of Confucian high culture to the Mongolian imperial establishment.
The academy was responsible for compiling a number of books.
The academy was responsible for publishing a number of books.
The most important achievement of the academy was its compilation of a vast institutional compendium.
The vast institutional compendium was named Jingshi Dadian.
Jingshi Dadian is also known in Chinese as 經世大典.
Tugh Temür supported Zhu Xi's Neo-Confucianism.
Tugh Temür devoted himself to Buddhism.
Tugh Temür died in 1332.
Rinchinbal died in 1332.
Rinchinbal was Emperor Ningzong.
Toghun Temür was 13 years old at the time of his succession.
Toghun Temür was Emperor Huizong.
Toghun Temür was the last of the nine successors of Kublai Khan.
Toghun Temür was summoned back from Guangxi.
Toghun Temür succeeded to the throne.
Bayan became a powerful official after El Temür's death.
El Temür had been a powerful official in the beginning of his long reign.
Toghun Temür grew.
Toghun Temür came to disapprove of Bayan's autocratic rule.
In 1340, a male individual allied himself with Toqto'a.
Toqto'a was Bayan's nephew.
Toqto'a was in discord with Bayan.
The male individual banished Bayan by coup.
Bayan was dismissed.
Toghtogha seized the power of the court.
His first administration exhibited a fresh new spirit.
He gave a few early signs of a new direction in central government.
The new direction in central government was positive.
One of his successful projects was to finish the long-stalled official histories of the Liao dynasty.
One of his successful projects was to finish the long-stalled official histories of the Jin dynasty.
One of his successful projects was to finish the long-stalled official histories of the Song dynasty.
The official histories of the Liao, Jin, and Song dynasties were eventually completed in 1345.
Toghtogha resigned his office with the approval of Toghun Temür.
The resignation of Toghtogha marked the end of his first administration.
Toghtogha was not called back until 1349.
The final years of the Yuan dynasty were marked by struggle.
The final years of the Yuan dynasty were marked by famine.
The final years of the Yuan dynasty were marked by bitterness among the populace.
In time, Kublai Khan's successors lost all influence on other Mongol lands across Asia.
The Mongols beyond the Middle Kingdom saw Kublai Khan's successors as too Chinese.
They gradually lost influence in China.
The reigns of the later Yuan emperors were short.
The reigns of the later Yuan emperors were marked by intrigues.
The reigns of the later Yuan emperors were marked by rivalries.
They were uninterested in administration.
They were separated from both the army and the populace.
China was torn by dissension.
China was torn by unrest.
Outlaws ravaged the country.
The Yuan armies were weakening.
The weakening Yuan armies did not interfere with the outlaws.
From the late 1340s onwards, people in the countryside suffered from frequent natural disasters.
Natural disasters included droughts.
Natural disasters included floods.
Natural disasters resulted in famines.
The government's lack of effective policy led to a loss of popular support.
The Red Turban Rebellion started in 1351.
The Red Turban Rebellion grew into a nationwide uprising.
In 1354, Toghtogha led a large army to crush the Red Turban rebels.
Toghun Temür suddenly dismissed Toghtogha for fear of betrayal.
Toghun Temür's restoration of power occurred.
The restoration of power by Toghun Temür resulted in a rapid weakening of the central government.
He had no choice but to rely on the military power of local warlords.
He gradually lost his interest in politics.
He ceased to intervene in political struggles.
He fled north to Shangdu from Khanbaliq in 1368.
Khanbaliq is present-day Beijing.
The forces of the Míng dynasty approached in 1368.
The Míng dynasty existed from 1368 to 1644.
The Míng dynasty was founded by Zhu Yuanzhang in the south.
He had tried to regain Khanbaliq.
The attempt to regain Khanbaliq eventually failed.
He died in Yingchang two years later.
Yingchang is located in present-day Inner Mongolia.
The year of his death was 1370.
Yingchang was seized by the Ming.
Yingchang was seized shortly after his death.
Some royal family members still lived in Henan.
Henan is a location.
A rich cultural diversity developed during the Yuan dynasty.
The Yuan dynasty was a historical period.
The major cultural achievements included the development of drama.
The major cultural achievements included the development of the novel.
The major cultural achievements included the increased use of the written vernacular.
The political unity of China promoted trade between East and West.
The political unity of much of central Asia promoted trade between East and West.
The Mongols had extensive contacts in West Asia.
The Mongols had extensive contacts in Europe.
The extensive contacts of the Mongols produced a fair amount of cultural exchange.
The other cultures in the Mongol World Empire influenced China.
The peoples in the Mongol World Empire influenced China.
The development significantly eased trade and commerce across Asia until its decline.
The communications occurred between the Yuan dynasty and its ally and subordinate in Persia.
The ally and subordinate in Persia was the Ilkhanate.
The communications encouraged the development of trade and commerce.
Buddhism had a great influence in the Yuan government.
Tibetan-rite Tantric Buddhism significantly influenced China during the Yuan period.
The Muslims of the Yuan dynasty introduced Middle Eastern cartography in East Asia.
The Muslims of the Yuan dynasty introduced Middle Eastern astronomy in East Asia.
The Muslims of the Yuan dynasty introduced Middle Eastern medicine in East Asia.
The Muslims of the Yuan dynasty introduced Middle Eastern clothing in East Asia.
The Muslims of the Yuan dynasty introduced Middle Eastern diet in East Asia.
Eastern crops such as carrots were introduced or successfully popularized during the Yuan dynasty.
Eastern crops such as turnips were introduced or successfully popularized during the Yuan dynasty.
New varieties of lemons were introduced or successfully popularized during the Yuan dynasty.
Eggplants were introduced or successfully popularized during the Yuan dynasty.
Melons were introduced or successfully popularized during the Yuan dynasty.
High-quality granulated sugar was introduced or successfully popularized during the Yuan dynasty.
Cotton was introduced or successfully popularized during the Yuan dynasty.
Western musical instruments were introduced to enrich Chinese performing arts.
The conversion to Islam by Muslims of Central Asia dates from this period.
Growing numbers of Chinese in the northwest converted to Islam.
Growing numbers of Chinese in the southwest converted to Islam.
Nestorianism enjoyed a period of toleration.
Roman Catholicism enjoyed a period of toleration.
Buddhism flourished.
Tibetan Buddhism is a form of Buddhism.
Taoism endured certain persecutions.
The persecutions of Taoism were in favor of Buddhism.
The Yuan government favored Buddhism.
Confucian governmental practices and examinations were based on the Classics.
Confucian governmental practices and examinations had fallen into disuse in north China during the period of disunity.
The Yuan court reinstated Confucian governmental practices and examinations.
The Yuan court probably reinstated Confucian governmental practices and examinations in the hope of maintaining order over Han society.
Advances were realized in the field of travel literature.
Advances were realized in the field of cartography.
Advances were realized in the field of geography.
Advances were realized in the field of scientific education.
The first recorded travels by Europeans to China date from this time.
The first recorded travels by Europeans to China and back date from this time.
The most famous traveler of the period was the Venetian Marco Polo.
Marco Polo's account of his trip to 'Cambaluc' astounded the people of Europe.
'Cambaluc' was the capital of the Great Khan.
Marco Polo's account included descriptions of life in 'Cambaluc'.
The account of Marco Polo's travels is titled Il milione.
Il milione is also known in English as The Million.
Il milione is known in English as the Travels of Marco Polo.
Il milione appeared about the year 1299.
Some individuals argue over the accuracy of Marco Polo's accounts.
The lack of mentioning the Great Wall of China raises questions about the accuracy of Marco Polo's accounts.
Tea houses would have been a prominent sight during the time of Marco Polo.
Europeans had yet to adopt a tea culture at the time of Marco Polo's travels.
The lack of mentioning tea houses in Marco Polo's accounts raises questions about their accuracy.
The practice of foot binding by women in the capital of the Great Khan is not mentioned in Marco Polo's accounts.
The lack of mentioning the practice of foot binding raises questions about the accuracy of Marco Polo's accounts.
Some individuals suggest that Marco Polo acquired much of his knowledge through contact with Persian traders.
Many of the places named by Marco Polo were in Persian.
The Yuan undertook extensive public works.
Among Kublai Khan's top engineers and scientists was the astronomer Guo Shoujing.
Guo Shoujing was tasked with many public works projects.
Guo Shoujing helped the Yuan reform the lunisolar calendar.
The reform of the lunisolar calendar provided an accuracy of 365.
2425 days of the year is a measurement of time.
The measurement of 2425 days of the year was only 26 seconds off the modern Gregorian calendar's measurement.
Road communications were reorganized.
Road communications were improved.
Water communications were reorganized.
Water communications were improved.
Granaries were ordered built throughout the empire.
The purpose of building granaries was to provide against possible famines.
The city of Beijing was rebuilt.
The rebuilding of the city of Beijing included new palace grounds.
The new palace grounds included artificial lakes.
The new palace grounds included hills.
The new palace grounds included mountains.
The new palace grounds included parks.
During the Yuan period, Beijing became the terminus of the Grand Canal of China.
The Grand Canal of China was completely renovated.
These commercially oriented improvements encouraged overland commerce throughout Asia.
These commercially oriented improvements encouraged maritime commerce throughout Asia.
These commercially oriented improvements facilitated direct Chinese contacts with Europe.
Chinese travelers to the West were able to provide assistance.
Chinese travelers to the West provided assistance in hydraulic engineering.
Contacts with the West brought the introduction of a major food crop to China.
The major food crop introduced to China was sorghum.
Contacts with the West also brought other foreign food products to China.
Contacts with the West brought methods of preparation to China.
The Yuan dynasty was a historical period in China.
The Yuan dynasty was the first time that non-native Chinese people ruled all of China.
In the historiography of Mongolia, the Mongol Empire is generally considered to be a significant historical entity.
The historiography of Mongolia considers the Mongol Empire to be a continuation.
Mongols are widely known to worship the Eternal Heaven.
According to traditional Mongolian ideology, Yuan is considered to be the beginning of an infinite number of beings.
Yuan is considered to be the foundation of peace and happiness.
Yuan is considered to be state power.
Yuan is considered to be the dream of many peoples.
Besides Yuan, there is nothing great or precious.
In traditional historiography of China, the Yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty.
The Yuan dynasty is considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the Song dynasty and the Ming dynasty.
The Song dynasty is a historical dynasty in China.
The Ming dynasty is a historical dynasty in China.
The Yuan dynasty is traditionally often extended to cover the Mongol Empire before Kublai Khan's formal establishment of the Yuan in 1271.
Kublai Khan formally established the Yuan dynasty in 1271.
Kublai Khan had his grandfather Genghis Khan placed on the official record as the founder of the Yuan dynasty.
Genghis Khan is also known as Taizu in Chinese.
There is traditional historiography regarding the Yuan dynasty.
There are official views regarding the Yuan dynasty.
The government of the Ming dynasty overthrew the Yuan dynasty.
There exist Chinese people who did not consider the Yuan dynasty as a legitimate dynasty of China.
Some Chinese people consider the Yuan dynasty as a period of foreign domination.
The latter believe that Han Chinese were treated as second-class citizens.
The latter believe that China stagnated economically.
The latter believe that China stagnated scientifically.
The system of bureaucracy was created by Kublai Khan.
The system of bureaucracy reflected various cultures in the empire.
The cultures reflected in the system of bureaucracy included that of the Han Chinese.
The cultures reflected in the system of bureaucracy included that of the Khitans.
The cultures reflected in the system of bureaucracy included that of the Jurchens.
The cultures reflected in the system of bureaucracy included that of the Mongols.
The cultures reflected in the system of bureaucracy included that of the Tibetan Buddhists.
The official terminology of the institutions may indicate that the government structure was almost purely that of native Chinese dynasties.
The Yuan bureaucracy actually consisted of a mix of elements from different cultures.
The Chinese-style elements of the bureaucracy mainly came from the native Tang dynasty.
The Chinese-style elements of the bureaucracy mainly came from the native Song dynasty.
The Chinese-style elements of the bureaucracy mainly came from the Khitan Liao dynasty.
The Chinese-style elements of the bureaucracy mainly came from the Jurchen Jin dynasty.
Chinese advisers such as Liu Bingzhong and Yao Shu gave strong influence to Kublai's early court.
Liu Bingzhong was a Chinese adviser.
Yao Shu was a Chinese adviser.
The central government administration was established within the first decade of Kublai's reign.
This government adopted the traditional Chinese tripartite division of authority among civil, military, and censorial offices.
The Central Secretariat (Zhongshu Sheng) is responsible for managing civil affairs.
The Privy Council is responsible for managing military affairs.
The Censorate is responsible for conducting internal surveillance and inspection.
The actual functions of central government institutions showed a major overlap between civil and military jurisdictions.
The actual functions of local government institutions showed a major overlap between civil and military jurisdictions.
The overlap between civil and military jurisdictions was due to the Mongol traditional reliance on military institutions and offices.
Military institutions and offices were the core of governance in Mongol tradition.
A civilian bureaucracy was created in China.
The Central Secretariat was the top institution of the civilian bureaucracy.
The Central Secretariat was directly or indirectly responsible for most other governmental agencies.
The traditional Chinese-style Six Ministries were among the governmental agencies.
At various times, another central government institution called the Department of State Affairs was established.
The Department of State Affairs was also known as Shangshu Sheng.
The Department of State Affairs mainly dealt with finance.
The Department of State Affairs was established during the reign of Külüg Khan.
The Department of State Affairs was established during the reign of Emperor Wuzong.
The Department of State Affairs was usually abandoned shortly afterwards.
The existence of central government departments and the Six Ministries gave a Sinicized image in the Yuan administration.
The Six Ministries had been introduced since the Sui and Tang dynasties.
The actual functions of these ministries reflected how Mongolian priorities and policies reshaped those institutions.
Mongolian priorities and policies redirected the institutions.
The authority of the Yuan legal system did not extend to legal cases involving Mongols.
The authority of the Yuan legal system did not extend to legal cases involving Semuren.
The Ministry of Justice was part of the Yuan legal system.
Mongols had separate courts of justice.
Semuren had separate courts of justice.
Cases involving members of more than one ethnic group were decided by a mixed board.
The mixed board consisted of Chinese individuals.
The mixed board consisted of Mongol individuals.
Another example was the insignificance of the Ministry of War compared with native Chinese dynasties.
The real military authority in Yuan times resided in the Privy Council.
The 'Phags-pa script was invented in 1269.
The 'Phags-pa script is a unified script for spelling Mongolian, Tibetan, and Chinese languages.
The 'Phags-pa script was preserved in the court until the end of the dynasty.
Most of the Emperors could not master written Chinese.
Most of the Emperors could generally converse well in the Chinese language.
The Mongol custom of long standing quda/marriage alliance with Mongol clans existed.
The Mongol clans involved in the quda/marriage alliance included the Onggirat.
The Mongol clans involved in the quda/marriage alliance included the Ikeres.
The quda/marriage alliance kept the imperial blood purely Mongol until the reign of Tugh Temur.
Tugh Temur was a ruler.
Tugh Temur's mother was a Tangut concubine.
The Mongol Emperors built large palaces.
The Mongol Emperors built large pavilions.
Some Mongol Emperors continued to live as nomads at times.
A few other Yuan emperors actively sponsored cultural activities.
Tugh Temur was an example of a Yuan emperor who sponsored cultural activities.
Tugh Temur is also known as Emperor Wenzong.
Tugh Temur wrote poetry.
Tugh Temur painted.
Tugh Temur read Chinese classical texts.
Tugh Temur ordered the compilation of books.
The average Mongol garrison family of the Yuan dynasty seems to have lived a life of decaying rural leisure.
The income from the harvests of the Chinese tenants was eaten up by costs of equipping men for their tours of duty.
The income from the harvests of the Chinese tenants was eaten up by costs of dispatching men for their tours of duty.
The Mongols practiced debt slavery.
By 1290, commoners were selling their children into slavery in all parts of the Mongol Empire.
Kublai saw the sale abroad of Mongols as damaging to the Mongol nation.
Kublai forbade the sale abroad of Mongols in 1291.
Kublai wished to persuade the Chinese.
Kublai was becoming increasingly sinicized.
Kublai wanted to maintain his Mongolian credentials with his own people.
He set up a civilian administration to rule.
He built a capital within China.
He supported Chinese religions.
He supported Chinese culture.
He devised suitable economic institutions for the court.
He devised suitable political institutions for the court.
He never abandoned his Mongolian heritage.
In the Yuan era, which is also known as the Mongol era, various important developments in the arts occurred.
The developments in the arts continued in their development during the Yuan era.
The areas of painting, mathematics, calligraphy, poetry, and theater were included in the developments in the arts.
Many great artists from the Yuan era are famous today.
Many great writers from the Yuan era are famous today.
The coming together of painting, poetry, and calligraphy occurred at this time.
Many of the artists practicing painting, poetry, and calligraphy were the same individuals.
The artists were perhaps more famed for one area of their achievements than others.
The Song dynasty is linked to the Yuan dynasty in terms of the further development of landscape painting.
The Song dynasty is linked to the Yuan dynasty in terms of the classical joining together of the arts of painting, poetry, and calligraphy.
There were many famous painters in the area of Chinese painting during the Yuan dynasty.
The Yuan dynasty was a period in Chinese history.
Many of the great calligraphers were from the Yuan dynasty era.
The Yuan dynasty era is an area of historical significance in calligraphy.
In Yuan poetry, the main development was the qu.
The qu was used among other poetic forms by most of the famous Yuan poets.
Many of the poets were involved in major developments in the theater during this time.
People important in the theater became famous through the development of the sanqu type of qu.
The involvement of poets in theater developments and the fame of theater people through sanqu type of qu occurred during this time.
One of the key factors in the mix of the zaju variety show was the incorporation of poetry.
The poetry incorporated in the zaju variety show included both classical poetry and the newer qu form.
One of the important cultural developments during the Yuan era was the consolidation of poetry, painting, and calligraphy.
The consolidation of poetry, painting, and calligraphy resulted in a unified piece.
The unified piece tends to come to mind when people think of classical Chinese art.
Another important aspect of Yuan times is the increasing incorporation of vernacular Chinese into the qu form of poetry.
Another important aspect of Yuan times is the increasing incorporation of vernacular Chinese into the zaju variety show.
Vernacular Chinese was the then current form of the Chinese language.
Another important consideration regarding Yuan dynasty arts and culture is that much of Yuan dynasty arts and culture has survived in China.
Yuan dynasty arts and culture has survived in China relatively to works from the Tang dynasty and Song dynasty.
Works from the Tang dynasty and Song dynasty have often been better preserved in places such as the Shōsōin.
The Shōsōin is located in Japan.
Many religions were practiced during the Yuan dynasty.
Buddhism was one of the religions practiced during the Yuan dynasty.
Islam was one of the religions practiced during the Yuan dynasty.
Christianity was one of the religions practiced during the Yuan dynasty.
The establishment of the Yuan dynasty had dramatically increased the number of Muslims in China.
The Yuan dynasty was established.
The Yuan dynasty never converted to Islam.
The Yuan dynasty is unlike the western khanates.
Kublai Khan was the founder of the Yuan dynasty.
Kublai Khan favored Buddhism.
Kublai Khan especially favored the Tibetan variants of Buddhism.
Tibetan Buddhism was established as the de facto state religion.
The establishment of Tibetan Buddhism as the de facto state religion was a result of certain circumstances.
The top-level department and government agency is known as the Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs.
The Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs is also known as Xuanzheng Yuan.
The Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs was set up in Khanbaliq.
Khanbaliq is known as modern Beijing.
The purpose of the Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs is to supervise Buddhist monks throughout the empire.
Kublai Khan only esteemed the Sakya sect of Tibetan Buddhism.
Other religions became less important due to Kublai Khan's esteem for the Sakya sect of Tibetan Buddhism.
He kept a Sakya Imperial Preceptor at court.
He had successors.
His successors kept a Sakya Imperial Preceptor at court.
A Sakya Imperial Preceptor is also known as Dishi.
Before the end of the Yuan dynasty, 14 leaders of the Sakya sect had held the post of Imperial Preceptor.
The leaders of the Sakya sect enjoyed special power.
Mongol patronage of Buddhism resulted in a number of monuments of Buddhist art.
Mongolian Buddhist translations began on a large scale after 1300.
Almost all Mongolian Buddhist translations are from Tibetan originals.
Many Mongols of the upper class patronized Confucian scholars and institutions.
The Jalayir nobles were part of the upper class of Mongols.
The Oronar nobles were part of the upper class of Mongols.
The emperors were part of the upper class of Mongols.
A considerable number of Confucian works were translated into the Mongolian language.
A considerable number of Chinese historical works were translated into the Mongolian language.
Advances in polynomial algebra were made by mathematicians.
The advances in polynomial algebra occurred during the Yuan era.
Zhu Shijie was a mathematician.
Zhu Shijie lived from 1249 to 1314.
Zhu Shijie solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns.
Zhu Shijie used a rectangular array of coefficients.
The rectangular array of coefficients is equivalent to modern matrices.
Zhu used a method of elimination.
The method of elimination was used to reduce the simultaneous equations.
The simultaneous equations were reduced to a single equation.
The single equation has only one unknown.
His method is described in the Jade Mirror of the Four Unknowns.
The Jade Mirror of the Four Unknowns was written in 1303.
The opening pages contain a diagram.
The diagram is of Pascal's triangle.
The summation of a finite arithmetic series is covered in the book.
The book covers the topic of the summation of a finite arithmetic series.
Guo Shoujing applied mathematics to the construction of calendars.
He was one of the first mathematicians in China.
He worked on spherical trigonometry.
Gou derived a cubic interpolation formula.
The cubic interpolation formula was derived for Gou's astronomical calculations.
His calendar was the Shoushi Li.
The Shoushi Li is also known as the Calendar for Fixing the Seasons.
The Shoushi Li was disseminated in 1281.
The Shoushi Li was the official calendar of the Yuan dynasty.
The calendar may have been influenced solely by the work of Song dynasty astronomer Shen Kuo.
The calendar may have been influenced possibly by the work of Arab astronomers.
There are no explicit signs of Muslim influences in the Shoushi calendar.
Mongol rulers were known to be interested in Muslim calendars.
Mathematical knowledge from the Middle East was introduced to China under the Mongols.
Muslim astronomers brought Arabic numerals to China in the 13th century.
The physicians of the Yuan court came from diverse cultures.
Healers were divided into two groups.
One group of healers consisted of non-Mongol physicians.
Non-Mongol physicians were called otachi.
The other group of healers consisted of traditional Mongol shamans.
The Mongols characterized otachi doctors by their use of herbal remedies.
The use of herbal remedies was distinguished from the spiritual cures of Mongol shamanism.
Physicians received official support from the Yuan government.
Physicians were given special legal privileges.
Kublai created the Imperial Academy of Medicine.
The purpose of the Imperial Academy of Medicine was to manage medical treatises.
The purpose of the Imperial Academy of Medicine was to educate new doctors.
Confucian scholars were attracted to the medical profession.
The medical profession ensured a high income.
Medical ethics were compatible with Confucian virtues.
The Chinese medical tradition of the Yuan had Four Great Schools.
The Yuan inherited the Four Great Schools from the Jin dynasty.
All four schools were based on the same intellectual foundation.
All four schools advocated different theoretical approaches toward medicine.
The practice of Chinese medicine spread to other parts of the Mongol Empire.
The Mongols were a group that established an empire.
Chinese physicians were brought along military campaigns by the Mongols.
The Mongols expanded towards the west.
Chinese medical techniques include acupuncture.
Chinese medical techniques include moxibustion.
Chinese medical techniques include pulse diagnosis.
Chinese medical techniques include various herbal drugs.
Chinese medical techniques include various herbal elixirs.
Chinese medical techniques were transmitted westward to the Middle East.
Chinese medical techniques were transmitted westward to the rest of the empire.
Several medical advances were made in the Yuan period.
Wei Yilin was a physician.
Wei Yilin lived from 1277 to 1347.
Wei Yilin invented a suspension method for reducing dislocated joints.
Wei Yilin performed the suspension method using anesthetics.
The Mongol physician Hu Sihui described the importance of a healthy diet.
Hu Sihui described the importance of a healthy diet in a 1330 medical treatise.
The medical treatise was written in 1330.
Western medicine was practiced in China by the Nestorian Christians of the Yuan court.
Western medicine was sometimes labeled as huihui medicine.
Western medicine was sometimes labeled as Muslim medicine.
The Nestorian physician Jesus the Interpreter founded the Office of Western Medicine in 1263.
The founding of the Office of Western Medicine occurred during the reign of Kublai.
Huihui doctors were staffed at two imperial hospitals.
Huihui doctors were responsible for treating the imperial family.
Huihui doctors were responsible for treating members of the court.
Chinese physicians opposed Western medicine.
The humoral system of Western medicine contradicted the yin-yang philosophy.
The humoral system of Western medicine contradicted the wuxing philosophy.
The yin-yang philosophy is a fundamental concept in traditional Chinese medicine.
The wuxing philosophy is a fundamental concept in traditional Chinese medicine.
No Chinese translation of Western medical works is known.
It is possible that the Chinese had access to Avicenna's The Canon of Medicine.
The Mongol rulers patronized the Yuan printing industry.
Chinese printing technology was transferred to the Mongols.
The transfer of Chinese printing technology occurred through the Kingdom of Qocho.
The transfer of Chinese printing technology occurred through Tibetan intermediaries.
Some Yuan documents were printed with earthenware movable type.
Wang Zhen's Nong Shu is an example of a Yuan document.
Earthenware movable type is a technology.
Earthenware movable type was invented in the 12th century.
Most published works were still produced through traditional block printing techniques.
The publication of a Taoist text is one of the first printed works sponsored by the Mongols.
The Taoist text is inscribed with the name of Töregene Khatun.
Töregene Khatun was Ögedei's wife.
The Mongols sponsored the publication of the Taoist text.
In 1273, the Mongols created the Imperial Library Directorate.
The Imperial Library Directorate was a government-sponsored printing office.
The Yuan government established centers for printing throughout China.
Local schools were funded to support the publishing of books.
Government agencies were funded to support the publishing of books.
One of the more notable applications of printing technology was the chao.
The chao was the paper money of the Yuan.
Chao were made from the bark of mulberry trees.
Chao is a type of item.
The bark is a part of mulberry trees.
The Yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money.
The Yuan government switched to bronze plates in 1275.
The Mongols experimented with establishing a Chinese-style paper monetary system.
The Chinese-style paper monetary system was established in Mongol-controlled territories outside of China.
The Yuan minister Bolad was sent to Iran.
Bolad explained Yuan paper money to the Il-khanate court of Gaykhatu.
The Il-khanate court was associated with Gaykhatu.
The Il-khanate government issued paper money in 1294.
Public distrust of the exotic new currency doomed the experiment.
The system of government was created by Kublai Khan.
The system of government was the product of a compromise.
The compromise was between Mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional Chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system.
The educated Chinese elite were socially not given the degree of esteem that they had been accorded previously.
The degree of esteem that the educated Chinese elite had been accorded previously was under native Chinese dynasties.
The traditional Chinese elite were not given their share of power.
The Mongols largely remained strangers to the mainstream Chinese culture.
The Semuren were various allied groups from Central Asia and the western end of the empire.
The Semuren largely remained strangers to the mainstream Chinese culture.
The dichotomy between the traditional Chinese elite and the Mongols and Semuren gave the Yuan regime a somewhat strong 'colonial' coloration.
The unequal treatment is possibly due to fear.
The fear is related to transferring power to the ethnic Chinese.
The ethnic Chinese are under their rule.
The Mongols were given certain advantages in the dynasty.
The Semuren were given certain advantages in the dynasty.
The advantages given to the Mongols and Semuren would last even after the restoration of the imperial examination in the early 14th century.
In general, there were very few North Chinese reaching the highest post in the government.
In general, there were very few Southerners reaching the highest post in the government.
The number of North Chinese and Southerners reaching the highest post in the government was low compared with the possibility that Persians reached the highest post in the government in the Ilkhanate.
The Yongle Emperor was a ruler of the Ming dynasty.
The Yongle Emperor mentioned the discrimination that existed during the Yuan dynasty.
The Yuan dynasty was a historical period in China.
The Yongle Emperor responded to an objection against the use of the term 'barbarians' in his government.
The Yongle Emperor provided an answer to the objection.
Discrimination was used by the Mongols during the Yuan dynasty.
The Mongols employed only Mongols and Tartars.
The Mongols discarded northern Chinese.
The Mongols discarded southern Chinese.
The discrimination was precisely the cause that brought disaster upon the Mongols.
The Mongols imported Central Asian Muslims to serve as administrators in China.
The Mongols sent Han Chinese from China to serve as administrators over the Muslim population in Bukhara in Central Asia.
The Mongols sent Khitans from China to serve as administrators over the Muslim population in Bukhara in Central Asia.
The Mongols used foreigners to curtail the power of the local peoples of both lands.
Han Chinese were moved to Central Asian areas.
Central Asian areas included Besh Baliq.
Central Asian areas included Almaliq.
Central Asian areas included Samarqand.
The Mongols moved Han Chinese to Central Asian areas.
Han Chinese worked as artisans in Central Asian areas.
Han Chinese worked as farmers in Central Asian areas.
Alans were recruited into the Mongol forces.
One unit of the Mongol forces was called 'Right Alan Guard'.
The 'Right Alan Guard' was combined with recently surrendered soldiers.
The 'Right Alan Guard' was combined with Mongols.
The 'Right Alan Guard' was combined with Chinese soldiers stationed in the area of the former Kingdom of Qocho.
The Mongols established a Chinese military colony in Besh Balikh.
The Chinese military colony in Besh Balikh was led by Chinese general Qi Kongzhi.
The Mongol conquest of Central Asia was led by Genghis Khan.
Foreigners were chosen as administrators after the Mongol conquest of Central Asia.
Co-management of gardens and fields in Samarqand was established.
Chinese and Qara-Khitays were involved in the co-management of gardens and fields in Samarqand.
Muslims were required to have foreigners as administrators for the management of gardens and fields in Samarqand.
Muslims were not allowed to manage gardens and fields in Samarqand without the involvement of foreigners.
The Mongol appointed Governor of Samarqand was a Qara-Khitay.
A Qara-Khitay is also known as Khitan.
The Mongol appointed Governor of Samarqand held the title Taishi.
The Mongol appointed Governor of Samarqand was familiar with Chinese culture.
The name of the Mongol appointed Governor of Samarqand was Ahai.
Some policies of the Yuan Emperors severely discriminated against Muslims.
The Yuan Emperors gave a high position to Muslims.
The policies of the Yuan Emperors restricted Halal slaughter for Muslims.
The policies of the Yuan Emperors restricted other Islamic practices like circumcision for Muslims.
The policies of the Yuan Emperors restricted Kosher butchering for Jews.
The policies of the Yuan Emperors forced Jews to eat food the Mongol way.
Toward the end, corruption became severe.
Toward the end, persecution became severe.
Muslim generals joined Han Chinese in rebelling against the Mongols.
The Ming founder was Zhu Yuanzhang.
Zhu Yuanzhang had Muslim generals.
One of the Muslim generals was Lan Yu.
Lan Yu rebelled against the Mongols.
Lan Yu defeated the Mongols in combat.
Some Muslim communities had a Chinese surname.
The Chinese surname meant 'barracks'.
The Chinese surname could also mean 'thanks'.
Many Hui Muslims claim that they played an important role in overthrowing the Mongols.
The assistance provided by Hui Muslims was given in thanks by the Han Chinese.
During the war fighting the Mongols, there were armies led by the Ming Emperor Zhu Yuanzhang.
Feng Sheng was a Hui Muslim.
Feng Sheng was among the armies of the Ming Emperor Zhu Yuanzhang.
The Muslims in the semu class revolted against the Yuan dynasty in the Ispah Rebellion.
The Ispah Rebellion was crushed.
The Muslims were massacred by the Yuan loyalist commander Chen Youding.
Chen Youding was a Yuan loyalist commander.
Frederick W was a historian.
Mote wrote that the usage of the term 'social classes' for this system was misleading.
Mote stated that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth.
The position of people within the four-class system just entailed 'degrees of privilege' to which they were entitled institutionally and legally.
A person's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing.
There were rich and well socially standing Chinese individuals.
There were less rich Mongol individuals.
There were less rich Semu individuals.
There were Mongol individuals who lived in poverty.
There were Semu individuals who lived in poverty.
There were Mongol individuals who were ill treated.
There were Semu individuals who were ill treated.
The reason for the order of the classes was the date that people surrendered to the Mongols.
The reason why people were placed in a certain class was the date that people surrendered to the Mongols.
The order of the classes had nothing to do with the ethnicity of the people.
The earlier the people surrendered to the Mongols, the higher the people were placed.
The more the people held out, the lower the people were ranked.
The Northern Chinese were ranked higher.
The Southern Chinese were ranked lower.
Southern China withstood and fought to the last before caving in.
Major commerce occurred during this era.
Major commerce gave rise to favorable conditions for private southern Chinese manufacturers.
Major commerce gave rise to favorable conditions for private southern Chinese merchants.
The Mongols placed the Uighurs of the Kingdom of Qocho over the Koreans at the court.
The Korean King objected to the placement of the Uighurs over the Koreans.
The Mongol Emperor Kublai Khan rebuked the Korean King.
Kublai Khan stated that the Uighur King of Qocho was ranked higher than the Karluk Kara-Khanid ruler.
The Karluk Kara-Khanid ruler was ranked higher than the Korean King.
The Korean King was ranked last.
The Uighurs surrendered to the Mongols first.
The Karluks surrendered to the Mongols after the Uighurs.
The Koreans surrendered to the Mongols last.
The Uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting.
The Central Region consists of present-day Hebei.
The Central Region consists of present-day Shandong.
The Central Region consists of present-day Shanxi.
The Central Region consists of the south-eastern part of present-day Inner Mongolia.
The Central Region consists of the Henan areas to the north of the Yellow River.
The Central Region was considered the most important region of the dynasty.
The Central Region was directly governed by the Central Secretariat.
The Central Secretariat is also known as Zhongshu Sheng.
The Central Secretariat was located at Khanbaliq.
Khanbaliq is modern-day Beijing.
Another top-level administrative department is called the Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs.
The Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs is also known as Xuanzheng Yuan.
The Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day Tibet.
The Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs held administrative rule over a part of Sichuan.
The Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs held administrative rule over a part of Qinghai.
The Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs held administrative rule over a part of Kashmir.
The immune system is a system.
The immune system consists of many biological structures.
The immune system consists of many processes.
The immune system is found within an organism.
The immune system protects against disease.
An immune system must detect a wide variety of agents.
The agents detected by the immune system are known as pathogens.
Pathogens include viruses.
Pathogens include parasitic worms.
An immune system must distinguish pathogens from the organism's own healthy tissue.
In many species, the immune system can be classified into subsystems.
The subsystems of the immune system include the innate immune system.
The subsystems of the immune system include the adaptive immune system.
The subsystems of the immune system include humoral immunity.
The subsystems of the immune system include cell-mediated immunity.
In humans, the blood–brain barrier separates the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system.
The blood–brain barrier protects the brain.
In humans, the blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier separates the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system.
In humans, similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system.
Disorders of the immune system can result in autoimmune diseases.
Disorders of the immune system can result in inflammatory diseases.
Disorders of the immune system can result in cancer.
Immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal.
Immunodeficiency results in recurring infections.
Immunodeficiency results in life-threatening infections.
In humans, immunodeficiency can be the result of a genetic disease.
Severe combined immunodeficiency is an example of a genetic disease that can cause immunodeficiency.
Immunodeficiency can also be the result of acquired conditions.
HIV/AIDS is an example of an acquired condition that can cause immunodeficiency.
Immunodeficiency can be the result of the use of immunosuppressive medication.
Autoimmunity results from a hyperactive immune system.
The hyperactive immune system attacks normal tissues.
The hyperactive immune system attacks normal tissues as if they were foreign organisms.
Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
Common autoimmune diseases include rheumatoid arthritis.
Common autoimmune diseases include diabetes mellitus type 1.
Common autoimmune diseases include systemic lupus erythematosus.
Immunology covers the study of the immune system.
The immune system has many aspects.
Immunology is a science.
Immunology examines the structure of the immune system.
Immunology examines the function of the immune system.
The origin of the subject is from medicine.
The subject originates from early studies on the causes of immunity to disease.
The earliest known reference to immunity occurred during the plague of Athens.
The plague of Athens took place in 430 BC.
Thucydides noted that people who had recovered from a previous bout of the disease could nurse the sick.
People who had recovered from a previous bout of the disease could nurse the sick without contracting the illness a second time.
In the 18th century, Pierre-Louis Moreau de Maupertuis made experiments with scorpion venom.
Pierre-Louis Moreau de Maupertuis observed that certain dogs were immune to scorpion venom.
Pierre-Louis Moreau de Maupertuis observed that certain mice were immune to scorpion venom.
This observation of acquired immunity was later exploited by Louis Pasteur.
Louis Pasteur developed vaccination.
Louis Pasteur proposed the germ theory of disease.
Pasteur's theory was in direct opposition to contemporary theories of disease.
Contemporary theories of disease included the miasma theory.
Robert Koch's proofs were presented in 1891.
Robert Koch was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1905.
Microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease.
Viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901.
The yellow fever virus was discovered by Walter Reed.
The immune system protects organisms from infection.
The immune system has layered defenses.
The layered defenses of the immune system have increasing specificity.
Physical barriers prevent pathogens from entering the organism.
Pathogens include bacteria and viruses.
A pathogen can breach barriers.
The innate immune system provides an immediate response.
The response from the innate immune system is non-specific.
Innate immune systems are found in all plants.
Innate immune systems are found in all animals.
Pathogens can successfully evade the innate response.
Vertebrates possess a second layer of protection called the adaptive immune system.
The adaptive immune system is activated by the innate response.
The immune system adapts its response during an infection.
The adaptation of the immune system improves its recognition of the pathogen.
The improved response is retained after the pathogen has been eliminated.
The improved response is retained in the form of an immunological memory.
The immunological memory allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster attacks each time the pathogen is encountered.
The immunological memory allows the adaptive immune system to mount stronger attacks each time the pathogen is encountered.
Innate immunity depends on the ability of the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self molecules.
Adaptive immunity depends on the ability of the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self molecules.
The immune system has the ability to distinguish between self and non-self molecules.
In immunology, self molecules are components of an organism's body.
Self molecules can be distinguished from foreign substances by the immune system.
Non-self molecules are recognized as foreign molecules.
One class of non-self molecules is called antigens.
Antigens is short for antibody generators.
Antigens are defined as substances that bind to specific immune receptors.
Antigens elicit an immune response.
Microorganisms or toxins that successfully enter an organism encounter the cells of the innate immune system.
Microorganisms or toxins that successfully enter an organism encounter the mechanisms of the innate immune system.
The innate response is usually triggered when microbes are identified by pattern recognition receptors.
Pattern recognition receptors recognize components that are conserved among broad groups of microorganisms.
The innate response is also triggered when damaged cells send out alarm signals.
The innate response is also triggered when injured cells send out alarm signals.
The innate response is also triggered when stressed cells send out alarm signals.
Many alarm signals are recognized by the same receptors as those that recognize pathogens.
Not all alarm signals are recognized by the same receptors as those that recognize pathogens.
Innate immune defenses are non-specific.
Innate immune defenses respond to pathogens in a generic way.
This system does not confer long-lasting immunity.
This system does not confer long-lasting immunity against a pathogen.
The innate immune system is the dominant system of host defense.
The innate immune system is present in most organisms.
Several barriers protect organisms from infection.
The barriers include mechanical barriers.
The barriers include chemical barriers.
The barriers include biological barriers.
The waxy cuticle of many leaves is an example of a mechanical barrier.
The exoskeleton of insects is an example of a mechanical barrier.
The shells of externally deposited eggs are examples of mechanical barriers.
The membranes of externally deposited eggs are examples of mechanical barriers.
Skin is an example of a mechanical barrier.
Mechanical barriers are the first line of defense against infection.
Organisms cannot be completely sealed from their environments.
Other systems act to protect body openings.
The body openings include the lungs.
The body openings include the intestines.
The body openings include the genitourinary tract.
Coughing mechanically ejects pathogens and other irritants from the respiratory tract.
Sneezing mechanically ejects pathogens and other irritants from the respiratory tract.
Coughing and sneezing occur in the lungs.
The flushing action of tears mechanically expels pathogens.
The flushing action of urine mechanically expels pathogens.
Mucus is secreted by the respiratory tract.
Mucus is secreted by the gastrointestinal tract.
Mucus serves to trap microorganisms.
Mucus serves to entangle microorganisms.
Chemical barriers protect against infection.
The skin secretes antimicrobial peptides.
The respiratory tract secretes antimicrobial peptides.
The antimicrobial peptides include β-defensins.
Enzymes such as lysozyme and phospholipase A2 are present in saliva.
Enzymes such as lysozyme and phospholipase A2 are present in tears.
Enzymes such as lysozyme and phospholipase A2 are present in breast milk.
Lysozyme is an antibacterial enzyme.
Phospholipase A2 is an antibacterial enzyme.
Vaginal secretions serve as a chemical barrier following menarche.
Vaginal secretions become slightly acidic following menarche.
Semen contains defensins.
Semen contains zinc.
Defensins in semen kill pathogens.
Zinc in semen kills pathogens.
Gastric acid serves as a powerful chemical defense against ingested pathogens in the stomach.
Proteases serve as a powerful chemical defense against ingested pathogens in the stomach.
Commensal flora exist within the genitourinary tract.
Commensal flora exist within the gastrointestinal tract.
Commensal flora serve as biological barriers.
Commensal flora compete with pathogenic bacteria for food.
Commensal flora compete with pathogenic bacteria for space.
Commensal flora change the conditions in their environment in some cases.
Commensal flora can change the pH in their environment.
Commensal flora can change the available iron in their environment.
The action reduces the probability that pathogens will reach sufficient numbers.
The sufficient numbers of pathogens can cause illness.
Most antibiotics non-specifically target bacteria.
Most antibiotics do not affect fungi.
Oral antibiotics can lead to an overgrowth of fungi.
An overgrowth of fungi can cause conditions such as vaginal candidiasis.
Vaginal candidiasis is a type of yeast infection.
There is good evidence that the re-introduction of probiotic flora helps restore a healthy balance of microbial populations in intestinal infections in children.
Probiotic flora includes pure cultures of lactobacilli.
Lactobacilli are normally found in unpasteurized yogurt.
There is encouraging preliminary data in studies on bacterial gastroenteritis.
There is encouraging preliminary data in studies on inflammatory bowel diseases.
There is encouraging preliminary data in studies on urinary tract infection.
There is encouraging preliminary data in studies on post-surgical infections.
Inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system.
The immune system responds to infection.
The symptoms of inflammation include redness.
The symptoms of inflammation include swelling.
The symptoms of inflammation include heat.
The symptoms of inflammation include pain.
The symptoms of inflammation are caused by increased blood flow into tissue.
Inflammation is produced by eicosanoids.
Inflammation is produced by cytokines.
Eicosanoids are released by injured cells.
Eicosanoids are released by infected cells.
Cytokines are released by injured cells.
Cytokines are released by infected cells.
Eicosanoids include prostaglandins.
Prostaglandins produce fever.
Prostaglandins produce the dilation of blood vessels associated with inflammation.
Eicosanoids include leukotrienes.
Leukotrienes attract certain white blood cells.
Certain white blood cells are known as leukocytes.
Common cytokines include interleukins.
Interleukins are responsible for communication between white blood cells.
Common cytokines include chemokines.
Chemokines promote chemotaxis.
Common cytokines include interferons.
Interferons have anti-viral effects.
Interferons can shut down protein synthesis in the host cell.
Growth factors may be released.
Cytotoxic factors may be released.
Cytokines and other chemicals recruit immune cells to the site of infection.
Cytokines and other chemicals promote healing of any damaged tissue following the removal of pathogens.
Phagocytosis is an important feature of cellular innate immunity.
Phagocytosis is performed by cells called phagocytes.
Phagocytes engulf pathogens.
Phagocytes eat particles.
Phagocytes generally patrol the body.
Phagocytes search for pathogens.
Cytokines can call phagocytes to specific locations.
A pathogen can be engulfed by a phagocyte.
Once a pathogen has been engulfed by a phagocyte, the pathogen becomes trapped in an intracellular vesicle.
The intracellular vesicle is called a phagosome.
The phagosome subsequently fuses with another vesicle.
The other vesicle is called a lysosome.
The fusion of the phagosome and the lysosome forms a phagolysosome.
The pathogen is killed by the activity of digestive enzymes.
The pathogen is killed following a respiratory burst.
A respiratory burst releases free radicals into the phagolysosome.
Phagocytosis evolved as a means of acquiring nutrients.
The role of phagocytosis was extended in phagocytes to include engulfment of pathogens.
Engulfment of pathogens serves as a defense mechanism.
Phagocytosis probably represents the oldest form of host defense.
Phagocytes have been identified in vertebrate animals.
Phagocytes have been identified in invertebrate animals.
Neutrophils are phagocytes.
Macrophages are phagocytes.
Neutrophils and macrophages travel throughout the body.
Neutrophils and macrophages travel in pursuit of invading pathogens.
Neutrophils are normally found in the bloodstream.
Neutrophils are the most abundant type of phagocyte.
Neutrophils normally represent 50% to 60% of the total circulating leukocytes.
During the acute phase of inflammation, neutrophils migrate toward the site of inflammation.
The migration of neutrophils toward the site of inflammation occurs as a result of bacterial infection.
The process of neutrophils migrating toward the site of inflammation is called chemotaxis.
Neutrophils are usually the first cells to arrive at the scene of infection.
Macrophages are versatile cells.
Macrophages reside within tissues.
Macrophages produce a wide array of chemicals.
The chemicals produced by macrophages include enzymes.
The chemicals produced by macrophages include complement proteins.
The chemicals produced by macrophages include regulatory factors.
One of the regulatory factors produced by macrophages is interleukin 1.
Macrophages act as scavengers.
Macrophages rid the body of worn-out cells.
Macrophages rid the body of other debris.
Macrophages act as antigen-presenting cells.
Antigen-presenting cells activate the adaptive immune system.
Leukocytes are also known as white blood cells.
Leukocytes act like independent, single-celled organisms.
Leukocytes are the second arm of the innate immune system.
The innate leukocytes include phagocytes.
Phagocytes include macrophages.
Phagocytes include neutrophils.
Phagocytes include dendritic cells.
The innate leukocytes include mast cells.
The innate leukocytes include eosinophils.
The innate leukocytes include basophils.
The innate leukocytes include natural killer cells.
These cells identify pathogens.
These cells eliminate pathogens.
These cells attack larger pathogens through contact.
These cells engulf microorganisms.
These cells kill microorganisms.
Innate cells are important mediators in the activation of the adaptive immune system.
Dendritic cells are phagocytes in tissues.
Dendritic cells are in contact with the external environment.
Dendritic cells are located mainly in the skin.
Dendritic cells are located mainly in the nose.
Dendritic cells are located mainly in the lungs.
Dendritic cells are located mainly in the stomach.
Dendritic cells are located mainly in the intestines.
Dendritic cells are named for their resemblance to neuronal dendrites.
Dendritic cells and neuronal dendrites both have many spine-like projections.
Dendritic cells are in no way connected to the nervous system.
Dendritic cells serve as a link between bodily tissues and the innate immune system.
Dendritic cells serve as a link between bodily tissues and the adaptive immune system.
Dendritic cells present antigens to T cells.
T cells are one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system.
Natural killer cells are a component of the innate immune system.
Natural killer cells are also known as NK cells.
Natural killer cells do not directly attack invading microbes.
NK cells destroy compromised host cells.
Compromised host cells include tumor cells.
Compromised host cells include virus-infected cells.
NK cells recognize compromised host cells by a condition known as 'missing self'.
The term describes cells with low levels of a cell-surface marker called MHC I.
MHC I stands for major histocompatibility complex.
A situation with low levels of MHC I can arise in viral infections of host cells.
Natural killer cells were named 'natural killer'.
Natural killer cells were named 'natural killer' because of the initial notion that natural killer cells do not require activation in order to kill cells.
Cells that are 'missing self' do not require activation in order to be killed by natural killer cells.
For many years, the mechanism of how natural killer (NK) cells recognize tumor cells was unclear.
For many years, the mechanism of how natural killer (NK) cells recognize infected cells was unclear.
The MHC makeup on the surface of those cells is altered.
The NK cells become activated through recognition of 'missing self'.
Normal body cells are not recognized by NK cells.
Normal body cells are not attacked by NK cells.
Normal body cells express intact self MHC antigens.
MHC antigens are recognized by killer cell immunoglobulin receptors.
Killer cell immunoglobulin receptors are abbreviated as KIR.
Killer cell immunoglobulin receptors essentially put the brakes on natural killer cells.
Natural killer cells are abbreviated as NK cells.
The adaptive immune system evolved in early vertebrates.
The adaptive immune system allows for a stronger immune response.
The adaptive immune system allows for immunological memory.
Immunological memory is where each pathogen is 'remembered' by a signature antigen.
The adaptive immune response is antigen-specific.
The adaptive immune response requires the recognition of specific non-self antigens.
The recognition of specific non-self antigens occurs during a process called antigen presentation.
Antigen specificity allows for the generation of responses.
The responses generated are tailored to specific pathogens.
The responses generated are tailored to pathogen-infected cells.
The ability to mount tailored responses is maintained in the body.
Memory cells are responsible for maintaining the ability to mount tailored responses in the body.
A pathogen can infect the body more than once.
Specific memory cells are used to quickly eliminate a pathogen.
B cells carry receptor molecules that recognize specific targets.
T cells carry receptor molecules that recognize specific targets.
T cells recognize a non-self target.
A non-self target can be a pathogen.
T cells recognize a non-self target only after antigens have been processed.
Antigens are small fragments of the pathogen.
Antigens are presented in combination with a self receptor.
The self receptor is called a major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule.
There are two major subtypes of T cells.
The two major subtypes of T cells are the killer T cell and the helper T cell.
There are regulatory T cells.
Regulatory T cells have a role in modulating immune response.
Killer T cells only recognize antigens coupled to Class I MHC molecules.
Helper T cells only recognize antigens coupled to Class II MHC molecules.
Regulatory T cells only recognize antigens coupled to Class II MHC molecules.
These two mechanisms of antigen presentation reflect the different roles of the two types of T cell.
A third subtype of T cells is the γδ T cells.
The γδ T cells are a minor subtype.
The γδ T cells recognize intact antigens.
The intact antigens are not bound to MHC receptors.
Killer T cells are a sub-group of T cells.
Killer T cells kill cells that are infected with viruses.
Killer T cells kill cells that are infected with other pathogens.
Killer T cells kill cells that are otherwise damaged.
Killer T cells kill cells that are dysfunctional.
Each type of T cell recognizes a different antigen.
B cells also recognize different antigens.
Killer T cells are activated when their T cell receptor binds to a specific antigen.
The specific antigen is in a complex with the MHC Class I receptor of another cell.
The recognition of the MHC:antigen complex is aided by a co-receptor on the T cell.
The co-receptor on the T cell is called CD8.
The T cell travels throughout the body.
The T cell is in search of cells.
The cells have MHC I receptors.
The MHC I receptors bear this antigen.
An activated T cell contacts target cells.
When an activated T cell contacts target cells, it releases cytotoxins.
Cytotoxins include perforin.
Perforin forms pores in the target cell's plasma membrane.
The pores in the target cell's plasma membrane allow ions to enter.
The pores in the target cell's plasma membrane allow water to enter.
The pores in the target cell's plasma membrane allow toxins to enter.
The entry of another toxin is called granulysin.
Granulysin is a protease.
Granulysin induces the target cell to undergo apoptosis.
T cell killing of host cells is particularly important.
T cell killing of host cells helps in preventing the replication of viruses.
T cell activation is tightly controlled.
T cell activation generally requires a very strong MHC/antigen activation signal.
T cell activation may require additional activation signals provided by helper T cells.
Helper T cells express T cell receptors.
T cell receptors are also known as TCR.
T cell receptors recognize antigen.
Antigen is bound to Class II MHC molecules.
The MHC:antigen complex is recognized by the helper cell's CD4 co-receptor.
The CD4 co-receptor recruits molecules inside the T cell.
Lck is responsible for the T cell's activation.
There are other factors that are responsible for the T cell's activation.
Helper T cells have a weaker association with the MHC:antigen complex than observed for killer T cells.
Many receptors on the helper T cell must be bound by an MHC:antigen in order to activate the helper T cell.
The number of receptors on the helper T cell that must be bound is around 200–300.
Killer T cells can be activated by engagement of a single MHC:antigen molecule.
Helper T cell activation requires a longer duration of engagement with an antigen-presenting cell.
The activation of a resting helper T cell causes the resting helper T cell to release cytokines.
Cytokines influence the activity of many cell types.
Cytokine signals are produced by helper T cells.
Cytokine signals enhance the microbicidal function of macrophages.
Cytokine signals enhance the activity of killer T cells.
Helper T cell activation causes an upregulation of molecules expressed on the surface of the T cell.
CD40 ligand is also called CD154.
CD40 ligand provides extra stimulatory signals.
Extra stimulatory signals are typically required to activate antibody-producing B cells.
Gamma delta T cells possess an alternative T cell receptor.
Gamma delta T cells are also known as γδ T cells.
CD4+ T cells possess a different type of T cell receptor.
CD8+ T cells possess a different type of T cell receptor.
CD4+ and CD8+ T cells are also known as αβ T cells.
Gamma delta T cells share the characteristics of helper T cells.
Gamma delta T cells share the characteristics of cytotoxic T cells.
Gamma delta T cells share the characteristics of NK cells.
The conditions that produce responses from γδ T cells are not fully understood.
The responses from γδ T cells are produced under certain conditions.
Like other 'unconventional' T cell subsets, γδ T cells bear invariant TCRs.
CD1d-restricted Natural Killer T cells are an example of 'unconventional' T cell subsets.
γδ T cells straddle the border between innate immunity and adaptive immunity.
γδ T cells are a component of adaptive immunity.
γδ T cells rearrange TCR genes to produce receptor diversity.
γδ T cells can develop a memory phenotype.
The various subsets are part of the innate immune system.
Restricted TCR may be used as pattern recognition receptors.
NK receptors may be used as pattern recognition receptors.
Large numbers of human Vγ9/Vδ2 T cells respond within hours to common molecules produced by microbes.
Highly restricted Vδ1+ T cells are located in epithelia.
Highly restricted Vδ1+ T cells respond to stressed epithelial cells.
A B cell identifies pathogens.
Antibodies are present on the surface of the B cell.
Antibodies on the surface of the B cell bind to a specific foreign antigen.
The antigen/antibody complex is taken up by the B cell.
The B cell processes the antigen/antibody complex by proteolysis into peptides.
The B cell displays antigenic peptides on its surface.
The antigenic peptides are displayed on MHC class II molecules.
The combination of MHC and antigen attracts a matching helper T cell.
The matching helper T cell releases lymphokines.
The lymphokines activate the B cell.
The activated B cell begins to divide.
The offspring of the activated B cell are plasma cells.
Plasma cells secrete millions of copies of the antibody.
The antibody recognizes this antigen.
These antibodies circulate in blood plasma.
These antibodies circulate in lymph.
These antibodies bind to pathogens expressing the antigen.
These antibodies mark pathogens for destruction by complement activation.
These antibodies mark pathogens for uptake and destruction by phagocytes.
Antibodies can neutralize challenges directly.
Antibodies can bind to bacterial toxins.
Antibodies can interfere with the receptors that viruses use to infect cells.
Antibodies can interfere with the receptors that bacteria use to infect cells.
B cells are activated.
T cells are activated.
B cells begin to replicate.
T cells begin to replicate.
Some offspring of B cells become long-lived memory cells.
Some offspring of T cells become long-lived memory cells.
Throughout the lifetime of an animal, memory cells remember each specific pathogen encountered.
Memory cells can mount a strong response if a specific pathogen is detected again.
The process is adaptive.
The process occurs during the lifetime of an individual.
The process is an adaptation to infection with a specific pathogen.
The process prepares the immune system for future challenges.
Immunological memory can be in the form of passive short-term memory.
Immunological memory can be in the form of active long-term memory.
Newborn infants have no prior exposure to microbes.
Newborn infants are particularly vulnerable to infection.
Several layers of passive protection are provided by the mother.
The mother provides several layers of passive protection.
During pregnancy, a particular type of antibody is called IgG.
IgG is transported from the mother to the baby directly across the placenta.
Human babies have high levels of antibodies even at birth.
The antibodies in human babies have the same range of antigen specificities as the antibodies in their mother.
Breast milk contains antibodies.
Colostrum contains antibodies.
Antibodies are transferred to the gut of the infant.
Antibodies protect against bacterial infections.
Antibodies protect the infant until the newborn can synthesize its own antibodies.
This is passive immunity.
The fetus does not actually make any memory cells.
The fetus does not actually make any antibodies.
The fetus only borrows memory cells and antibodies.
This passive immunity is usually short-term.
This passive immunity lasts from a few days up to several months.
In medicine, protective passive immunity can be transferred artificially from one individual to another.
Protective passive immunity is transferred via antibody-rich serum.
Hormones can act as immunomodulators.
Hormones alter the sensitivity of the immune system.
Female sex hormones are known immunostimulators of adaptive immune responses.
Female sex hormones are known immunostimulators of innate immune responses.
Some autoimmune diseases strike women preferentially.
Lupus erythematosus is an example of an autoimmune disease.
The onset of some autoimmune diseases often coincides with puberty.
Male sex hormones include testosterone.
Testosterone seems to be immunosuppressive.
Other hormones appear to regulate the immune system.
Prolactin is a hormone that appears to regulate the immune system.
Growth hormone is a hormone that appears to regulate the immune system.
Vitamin D is a hormone that appears to regulate the immune system.
When individuals suffer from sleep deprivation, active immunizations may have a diminished effect.
Active immunizations may result in lower antibody production when individuals suffer from sleep deprivation.
Active immunizations may result in a lower immune response when individuals suffer from sleep deprivation.
The immune response may be lower than would be noted in a well-rested individual.
Proteins such as NFIL3 have been shown to be closely intertwined with T-cell differentiation.
Proteins such as NFIL3 have been shown to be closely intertwined with circadian rhythms.
Natural light and dark cycles can be disturbed through instances of sleep deprivation.
Natural light and dark cycles can be disturbed through instances of shift work.
The disturbance of natural light and dark cycles can affect proteins such as NFIL3.
These disruptions can lead to an increase in chronic conditions.
Chronic conditions include heart disease.
Chronic conditions include chronic pain.
Chronic conditions include asthma.
A progressive decline in hormone levels occurs with age.
A progressive decline in hormone levels is conjectured to be partially responsible for weakened immune responses.
Weakened immune responses occur in aging individuals.
Some hormones are regulated by the immune system.
Thyroid hormone activity is notably regulated by the immune system.
The age-related decline in immune function occurs in the elderly.
The decline in immune function is related to decreasing vitamin D levels in the elderly.
Decreasing vitamin D levels occur in the elderly.
As people age, two things happen.
The two things that happen negatively affect people's vitamin D levels.
Individuals stay indoors more.
Individuals stay indoors more due to decreased activity levels.
The statement means that certain entities get less sun.
The entities that get less sun produce less cholecalciferol via UVB radiation.
As a person ages, the skin becomes less adept at producing vitamin D.
The main response of the immune system to tumors is to destroy the abnormal cells.
Killer T cells are used to destroy the abnormal cells.
Helper T cells sometimes assist killer T cells in destroying the abnormal cells.
Tumor antigens are presented on MHC class I molecules.
Tumor antigens are presented in a similar way to viral antigens.
Viral antigens are presented on MHC class I molecules.
The action allows killer T cells to recognize the tumor cell as abnormal.
Killer T cells are a type of immune cell.
The tumor cell is recognized as abnormal.
NK cells kill tumorous cells in a similar way.
NK cells especially kill tumorous cells if the tumor cells have fewer MHC class I molecules on their surface than normal.
Fewer MHC class I molecules on the surface of tumor cells than normal is a common phenomenon with tumors.
Antibodies are sometimes generated against tumor cells.
The generation of antibodies allows for the destruction of tumor cells by the complement system.
Plants lack phagocytic cells.
Many plant immune responses involve systemic chemical signals.
Systemic chemical signals are sent through a plant.
Individual plant cells respond to molecules associated with pathogens.
Molecules associated with pathogens are known as Pathogen-associated molecular patterns.
Pathogen-associated molecular patterns are abbreviated as PAMPs.
When a part of a plant becomes infected, the plant produces a localized hypersensitive response.
Cells at the site of infection undergo rapid apoptosis.
The rapid apoptosis prevents the spread of the disease to other parts of the plant.
Systemic acquired resistance is a type of defensive response used by plants.
Systemic acquired resistance renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent.
RNA silencing mechanisms are particularly important in the systemic response.
RNA silencing mechanisms can block virus replication.
Overactive immune responses comprise the other end of immune dysfunction.
Autoimmune disorders are a type of overactive immune response.
The immune system fails to properly distinguish between self and non-self.
The immune system attacks part of the body.
Under normal circumstances, many T cells react with 'self' peptides.
Under normal circumstances, many antibodies react with 'self' peptides.
One of the functions of specialized cells is to present young lymphocytes with self antigens.
Specialized cells are located in the thymus.
Specialized cells are located in the bone marrow.
Self antigens are produced throughout the body.
Specialized cells eliminate those young lymphocytes that recognize self antigens.
The elimination of young lymphocytes that recognize self antigens prevents autoimmunity.
Immunodeficiencies occur.
Immunodeficiencies occur when one or more of the components of the immune system are inactive.
One or more of the components of the immune system are inactive.
The ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in the young.
The ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in the elderly.
Immune responses begin to decline at around 50 years of age.
The decline in immune responses is due to immunosenescence.
Obesity is a common cause of poor immune function in developed countries.
Alcoholism is a common cause of poor immune function in developed countries.
Drug use is a common cause of poor immune function in developed countries.
Malnutrition is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries.
Diets lacking sufficient protein are associated with impaired cell-mediated immunity.
Diets lacking sufficient protein are associated with impaired complement activity.
Diets lacking sufficient protein are associated with impaired phagocyte function.
Diets lacking sufficient protein are associated with impaired IgA antibody concentrations.
Diets lacking sufficient protein are associated with impaired cytokine production.
The loss of the thymus at an early age results in severe immunodeficiency.
The loss of the thymus at an early age results in a high susceptibility to infection.
The loss of the thymus at an early age can occur through genetic mutation.
The loss of the thymus at an early age can occur through surgical removal.
Long-term active memory is acquired following infection.
Long-term active memory is acquired by the activation of B cells.
Long-term active memory is acquired by the activation of T cells.
Active immunity can be generated artificially.
Active immunity can be generated through vaccination.
The principle behind vaccination is to introduce an antigen from a pathogen.
Vaccination is also called immunization.
The introduction of an antigen from a pathogen stimulates the immune system.
The introduction of an antigen from a pathogen develops specific immunity against that particular pathogen.
The introduction of an antigen from a pathogen does not cause disease associated with that organism.
The deliberate induction of an immune response is successful.
The success of the deliberate induction of an immune response exploits the natural specificity of the immune system.
The success of the deliberate induction of an immune response exploits the inducibility of the immune system.
Infectious disease remains one of the leading causes of death in the human population.
Vaccination represents the most effective manipulation of the immune system that mankind has developed.
The success of any pathogen depends on the pathogen's ability to elude host immune responses.
Pathogens evolved several methods.
The methods allow pathogens to successfully infect a host.
The methods allow pathogens to evade detection by the immune system.
The methods allow pathogens to evade destruction by the immune system.
Bacteria often overcome physical barriers.
Bacteria overcome physical barriers by secreting enzymes.
The enzymes digest the barrier.
Bacteria use a type II secretion system as an example of how they secrete enzymes.
A type III secretion system may be used by the pathogen.
The type III secretion system may insert a hollow tube into the host cell.
The hollow tube provides a direct route for proteins to move from the pathogen to the host.
These proteins are often used to shut down host defenses.
In the mid-1950s, Frank Burnet formulated the clonal selection theory of immunity.
Frank Burnet was inspired by a suggestion made by Niels Jerne.
Niels Jerne made a suggestion that inspired Frank Burnet.
Burnet developed a theory based on the concept of Central Self-Nonself Theory (CST).
The theory explains how an immune response is triggered according to the self/nonself distinction.
'Self' constituents are constituents of the body.
'Self' constituents do not trigger destructive immune responses.
'Nonself' entities include pathogens and an allograft.
'Nonself' entities trigger a destructive immune response.
The theory was later modified.
The modification of the theory reflects new discoveries regarding histocompatibility.
The modification of the theory reflects new discoveries regarding the complex 'two-signal' activation of T cells.
The self/nonself theory of immunity has been criticized.
The self/nonself vocabulary has been criticized.
The self/nonself theory of immunity remains very influential.
The self/nonself vocabulary remains very influential.
Anti-inflammatory drugs are often used.
Anti-inflammatory drugs are used to control the effects of inflammation.
Glucocorticoids are the most powerful of these drugs.
Glucocorticoids can have many undesirable side effects.
The undesirable side effects of glucocorticoids include central obesity.
The undesirable side effects of glucocorticoids include hyperglycemia.
The undesirable side effects of glucocorticoids include osteoporosis.
The use of glucocorticoids must be tightly controlled.
Lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are often used.
Lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are used in conjunction with cytotoxic drugs.
Lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are used in conjunction with immunosuppressive drugs.
Methotrexate is a type of cytotoxic drug.
Azathioprine is a type of immunosuppressive drug.
Cytotoxic drugs inhibit the immune response.
Cytotoxic drugs kill dividing cells.
Activated T cells are an example of dividing cells.
The killing is indiscriminate.
Other constantly dividing cells are affected.
Other organs are affected.
The indiscriminate killing causes toxic side effects.
Immunosuppressive drugs such as cyclosporin prevent T cells from responding to signals correctly.
Immunosuppressive drugs such as cyclosporin inhibit signal transduction pathways.
During wake periods, differentiated effector cells peak.
Differentiated effector cells include cytotoxic natural killer cells.
Differentiated effector cells include cytotoxic T lymphocytes.
Differentiated effector cells elicit an effective response against any intruding pathogens.
During awake active times, anti-inflammatory molecules peak.
Cortisol is an anti-inflammatory molecule.
Catecholamines are anti-inflammatory molecules.
There are two theories about the pro-inflammatory state.
The pro-inflammatory state is reserved for sleep time.
Inflammation would cause serious cognitive impairments if it were to occur during wake times.
Inflammation would cause serious physical impairments if it were to occur during wake times.
Inflammation may occur during sleep times.
The presence of melatonin may contribute to inflammation during sleep times.
Inflammation causes a great deal of oxidative stress.
The presence of melatonin during sleep times could actively counteract free radical production during sleep times.
A T-cell encounters a foreign pathogen.
When a T-cell encounters a foreign pathogen, the T-cell extends a vitamin D receptor.
This is essentially a signaling device.
The signaling device allows the T-cell to bind to the active form of vitamin D.
The active form of vitamin D is the steroid hormone calcitriol.
T-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin D.
The T-cell extends a vitamin D receptor.
The vitamin D receptor asks to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin D, calcitriol.
The T-cell expresses the gene CYP27B1.
The gene CYP27B1 is responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin D, calcidiol, into the steroid hormone version, calcitriol.
T-cells can perform their intended function only after binding to calcitriol.
Calcitriol is a substance that T-cells bind to.
Other immune system cells are known to express CYP27B1.
CYP27B1 activates vitamin D calcidiol.
Dendritic cells are immune system cells that express CYP27B1.
Keratinocytes are immune system cells that express CYP27B1.
Macrophages are immune system cells that express CYP27B1.
Pattern recognition receptors are proteins.
Pattern recognition receptors are used by nearly all organisms.
Pattern recognition receptors are used to identify molecules associated with pathogens.
Antimicrobial peptides are called defensins.
Defensins are an evolutionarily conserved component of the innate immune response.
Defensins are found in all animals.
Defensins are found in all plants.
Defensins represent the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity.
The complement system is used by most forms of invertebrate life.
Phagocytic cells are used by most forms of invertebrate life.
Ribonucleases are conserved across all eukaryotes.
The RNA interference pathway is conserved across all eukaryotes.
Ribonucleases are thought to play a role in the immune response to viruses.
The RNA interference pathway is thought to play a role in the immune response to viruses.
The evolution of the adaptive immune system occurred.
The adaptive immune system evolved in an ancestor of the jawed vertebrates.
The ancestor of the jawed vertebrates is a significant entity in the study of the adaptive immune system.
Many classical molecules exist in the adaptive immune system.
Immunoglobulins exist only in jawed vertebrates.
T cell receptors exist only in jawed vertebrates.
A distinct lymphocyte-derived molecule has been discovered in primitive jawless vertebrates.
Primitive jawless vertebrates include the lamprey.
Primitive jawless vertebrates include the hagfish.
These animals possess a large array of molecules called Variable lymphocyte receptors.
Variable lymphocyte receptors are abbreviated as VLRs.
Variable lymphocyte receptors are produced from only a small number of genes.
The number of genes that produce Variable lymphocyte receptors is one or two.
Variable lymphocyte receptors are similar to the antigen receptors of jawed vertebrates.
These molecules are believed to bind pathogenic antigens.
These molecules bind pathogenic antigens in a similar way to antibodies.
These molecules bind pathogenic antigens with the same degree of specificity as antibodies.
A multicomponent, adaptive immune system likely arose with the first vertebrates.
Invertebrates do not generate lymphocytes.
Invertebrates do not generate an antibody-based humoral response.
Many species utilize mechanisms.
The mechanisms appear to be precursors of aspects of vertebrate immunity.
Immune systems appear in the structurally most simple forms of life.
Bacteria use a unique defense mechanism to protect themselves from viral pathogens.
The unique defense mechanism used by bacteria is called the restriction modification system.
Viral pathogens that affect bacteria are called bacteriophages.
Prokaryotes possess acquired immunity.
Prokaryotes use a system that employs CRISPR sequences.
CRISPR sequences retain fragments of the genomes of phage.
Phage are viruses that prokaryotes have come into contact with in the past.
The retention of phage genome fragments allows prokaryotes to block virus replication.
Prokaryotes block virus replication through a form of RNA interference.
Offensive elements of the immune systems are present in unicellular eukaryotes.
Studies of the roles of offensive elements of the immune systems in defense are few.
Immunology is strongly experimental in everyday practice.
Immunology is characterized by an ongoing theoretical attitude.
Many theories have been suggested in immunology.
The time frame for the suggested theories in immunology is from the end of the nineteenth century up to the present time.
The end of the 19th century saw a battle between cellular theories of immunity and humoral theories of immunity.
The beginning of the 20th century saw a battle between cellular theories of immunity and humoral theories of immunity.
The cellular theory of immunity is represented in particular by Elie Metchnikoff.
Cells were responsible for immune responses according to the cellular theory of immunity.
Phagocytes are a type of cell.
Phagocytes were responsible for immune responses.
The humoral theory of immunity stated that the active immune agents were soluble components (molecules).
The soluble components (molecules) were found in the organism’s humors rather than its cells.
Robert Koch was one of the individuals who held the humoral theory of immunity.
Emil von Behring was one of the individuals who held the humoral theory of immunity.
Some tumors evade the immune system.
Some tumors go on to become cancers.
Tumor cells often have a reduced number of MHC class I molecules on their surface.
The reduced number of MHC class I molecules on the surface of tumor cells allows them to avoid detection by killer T cells.
Some tumor cells release products that inhibit the immune response.
Some tumor cells secrete the cytokine TGF-β.
The cytokine TGF-β suppresses the activity of macrophages.
The cytokine TGF-β suppresses the activity of lymphocytes.
Immunological tolerance may develop against tumor antigens.
The immune system no longer attacks the tumor cells.
Hypersensitivity is an immune response.
Hypersensitivity damages the body's own tissues.
The subjects are divided into four classes.
The classes are Type I, Type II, Type III, and Type IV.
The division is based on the mechanisms involved in the hypersensitive reaction.
The division is also based on the time course of the hypersensitive reaction.
Type I hypersensitivity is an immediate reaction.
Type I hypersensitivity is an anaphylactic reaction.
Type I hypersensitivity is often associated with allergy.
Symptoms can range from mild discomfort.
Symptoms can range to death.
Type I hypersensitivity is mediated by immunoglobulin E (IgE).
Immunoglobulin E (IgE) triggers degranulation of mast cells.
Immunoglobulin E (IgE) triggers degranulation of basophils.
Degranulation of mast cells and basophils occurs when immunoglobulin E (IgE) is cross-linked by antigen.
Type II hypersensitivity occurs when antibodies bind to antigens.
Antigens are located on the patient's own cells.
Antibodies binding to antigens marks the patient's own cells for destruction.
This is also called antibody-dependent hypersensitivity.
This is also called cytotoxic hypersensitivity.
Antibody-dependent hypersensitivity is mediated by IgG antibodies.
Antibody-dependent hypersensitivity is mediated by IgM antibodies.
Immune complexes are aggregations of antigens, complement proteins, and IgG and IgM antibodies.
Immune complexes deposited in various tissues trigger Type III hypersensitivity reactions.
Type IV hypersensitivity is also known as cell-mediated hypersensitivity.
Type IV hypersensitivity is also known as delayed type hypersensitivity.
Type IV hypersensitivity usually takes between two and three days to develop.
Type IV reactions are involved in many autoimmune diseases.
Type IV reactions are involved in many infectious diseases.
Type IV reactions may also involve contact dermatitis.
Contact dermatitis can be caused by poison ivy.
These reactions are mediated by T cells.
These reactions are mediated by monocytes.
These reactions are mediated by macrophages.
An evasion strategy is used by several pathogens to avoid the innate immune system.
The evasion strategy involves hiding within the cells of their host.
Hiding within the cells of their host is also called intracellular pathogenesis.
A pathogen spends most of its life-cycle inside host cells.
The pathogen is shielded from direct contact with immune cells.
The pathogen is shielded from direct contact with antibodies.
The pathogen is shielded from direct contact with complement.
Some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses.
Some examples of intracellular pathogens include the food poisoning bacterium Salmonella.
Some examples of intracellular pathogens include eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria.
The eukaryotic parasite that causes malaria is Plasmodium falciparum.
Some examples of intracellular pathogens include eukaryotic parasites that cause leishmaniasis.
The eukaryotic parasites that cause leishmaniasis are Leishmania spp.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
Other bacteria live inside a protective capsule.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis is an example of other bacteria.
The protective capsule prevents lysis by complement.
Many pathogens secrete compounds.
The compounds secreted by many pathogens diminish the host's immune response.
The compounds secreted by many pathogens misdirect the host's immune response.
Some bacteria form biofilms.
Biofilms protect the bacteria from the cells of the immune system.
Biofilms protect the bacteria from the proteins of the immune system.
Biofilms are present in many successful infections.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa is a type of bacteria.
Burkholderia cenocepacia is a type of bacteria.
Chronic infections with Pseudomonas aeruginosa are characteristic of cystic fibrosis.
Chronic infections with Burkholderia cenocepacia are characteristic of cystic fibrosis.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disorder.
Other bacteria generate surface proteins that bind to antibodies.
The binding of surface proteins to antibodies renders antibodies ineffective.
Streptococcus generates protein G.
Staphylococcus aureus generates protein A.
Peptostreptococcus magnus generates protein L.
The mechanisms used to evade the adaptive immune system are complicated.
The simplest approach is to rapidly change non-essential epitopes on the surface of the pathogen.
Non-essential epitopes can be amino acids and/or sugars.
Essential epitopes are kept concealed.
The phenomenon is called antigenic variation.
HIV is an example of a virus that mutates rapidly.
The proteins on the viral envelope of HIV are essential for entry into the host target cell.
The proteins on the viral envelope of HIV are constantly changing.
Frequent changes occur in antigens.
Frequent changes in antigens may explain the failures of vaccines directed at the virus.
The parasite Trypanosoma brucei uses a similar strategy.
Trypanosoma brucei constantly switches one type of surface protein for another.
The strategy allows Trypanosoma brucei to stay one step ahead of the antibody response.
Masking antigens with host molecules is a common strategy.
The common strategy is used for avoiding detection by the immune system.
In HIV, the envelope that covers the virion is formed from the outermost membrane of the host cell.
The envelope of HIV is a structure that covers the virion.
Such 'self-cloaked' viruses make it difficult for the immune system to identify them as 'non-self' structures.
The immune system has difficulty identifying 'self-cloaked' viruses as 'non-self' structures.
Another important role of the immune system is to identify tumors.
Another important role of the immune system is to eliminate tumors.
The process is called immune surveillance.
The transformed cells of tumors express antigens.
The antigens expressed by the transformed cells of tumors are not found on normal cells.
To the immune system, these antigens appear foreign.
The presence of these antigens causes immune cells to attack the transformed tumor cells.
The antigens expressed by tumors have several sources.
Some antigens are derived from oncogenic viruses.
Human papillomavirus is an oncogenic virus.
Human papillomavirus causes cervical cancer.
Other antigens are the organism's own proteins.
The organism's own proteins occur at low levels in normal cells.
The organism's own proteins reach high levels in tumor cells.
One example of an enzyme is tyrosinase.
Tyrosinase is an enzyme that transforms certain skin cells when expressed at high levels.
Melanocytes can develop into tumors.
The tumors that develop from melanocytes are called melanomas.
A third possible source of tumor antigens is proteins that are normally important for regulating cell growth and survival.
Proteins that are normally important for regulating cell growth and survival commonly mutate into cancer inducing molecules.
Cancer inducing molecules are called oncogenes.
Larger drugs can provoke a neutralizing immune response.
Larger drugs are defined as drugs greater than 500 Da.
The neutralizing immune response is particularly provoked if the larger drugs are administered repeatedly.
The neutralizing immune response is particularly provoked if the larger drugs are administered in larger doses.
The effectiveness of drugs based on larger peptides and proteins is limited.
Larger peptides and proteins are typically larger than 6000 Da.
In some cases, the drug itself is not immunogenic.
The drug may be co-administered with an immunogenic compound.
Taxol is an example of a drug that may be co-administered with an immunogenic compound.
Computational methods have been developed to predict the immunogenicity of peptides.
Computational methods have been developed to predict the immunogenicity of proteins.
The prediction of immunogenicity of peptides and proteins is particularly useful in designing therapeutic antibodies.
The prediction of immunogenicity of peptides and proteins is particularly useful in assessing likely virulence of mutations in viral coat particles.
The prediction of immunogenicity of peptides and proteins is particularly useful in the validation of proposed peptide-based drug treatments.
Early techniques relied mainly on the observation that hydrophilic amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions.
Hydrophobic amino acids are less represented in epitope regions compared to hydrophilic amino acids.
More recent developments rely on machine learning techniques.
Machine learning techniques use databases of existing known epitopes as a training set.
The databases of existing known epitopes usually focus on well-studied virus proteins.
A publicly accessible database has been established.
The purpose of the publicly accessible database is for the cataloguing of epitopes.
The epitopes are from pathogens.
The pathogens are known to be recognizable by B cells.
The emerging field of bioinformatics-based studies of immunogenicity is referred to as immunoinformatics.
Immunoproteomics is the study of large sets of proteins.
Large sets of proteins are involved in the immune response.
Proteomics is the study of large sets of proteins.
Sleep deprivation has negative consequences.
Sleep has strong regulatory effects on immunological functions.
The circadian system has strong regulatory effects on immunological functions.
The regulatory effects of sleep and the circadian system affect both the innate immunity and the adaptive immunity.
During the early slow-wave-sleep stage, there is a sudden drop in blood levels of cortisol.
During the early slow-wave-sleep stage, there is a sudden drop in blood levels of epinephrine.
During the early slow-wave-sleep stage, there is a sudden drop in blood levels of norepinephrine.
The sudden drop in blood levels of cortisol induces increased blood levels of the hormone leptin.
The sudden drop in blood levels of cortisol induces increased blood levels of pituitary growth hormone.
The sudden drop in blood levels of cortisol induces increased blood levels of prolactin.
The sudden drop in blood levels of epinephrine induces increased blood levels of the hormone leptin.
The sudden drop in blood levels of epinephrine induces increased blood levels of pituitary growth hormone.
The sudden drop in blood levels of epinephrine induces increased blood levels of prolactin.
The sudden drop in blood levels of norepinephrine induces increased blood levels of the hormone leptin.
The sudden drop in blood levels of norepinephrine induces increased blood levels of pituitary growth hormone.
The sudden drop in blood levels of norepinephrine induces increased blood levels of prolactin.
These signals induce a pro-inflammatory state.
The pro-inflammatory state is induced through the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines.
The pro-inflammatory cytokines include interleukin-1.
The pro-inflammatory cytokines include interleukin-12.
The pro-inflammatory cytokines include TNF-alpha.
The pro-inflammatory cytokines include IFN-gamma.
Cytokines stimulate immune functions.
Immune functions include immune cells activation.
Immune functions include immune cells proliferation.
Immune functions include immune cells differentiation.
Undifferentiated T cells peak during this time.
Less differentiated T cells peak during this time.
Naïve memory T cells peak during this time.
Central memory T cells peak during this time.
A time of a slowly evolving adaptive immune response exists.
The milieu of hormones produced at this time includes leptin.
The milieu of hormones produced at this time includes pituitary growth hormone.
The milieu of hormones produced at this time includes prolactin.
The hormones produced at this time support the interactions between antigen-presenting cells and T-cells.
The hormones produced at this time cause a shift of the Th1/Th2 cytokine balance towards one that supports Th1.
The hormones produced at this time cause an increase in overall T helper cell proliferation.
The hormones produced at this time support naïve T cell migration to lymph nodes.
This milieu is thought to support the formation of long-lasting immune memory.
The formation of long-lasting immune memory is supported through the initiation of Th1 immune responses.
Pathogens can rapidly evolve.
Pathogens can adapt.
Pathogens can avoid detection by the immune system.
Pathogens can avoid neutralization by the immune system.
Multiple defense mechanisms have evolved.
Multiple defense mechanisms can recognize pathogens.
Multiple defense mechanisms can neutralize pathogens.
Even simple unicellular organisms possess a rudimentary immune system.
Bacteria are an example of simple unicellular organisms.
The rudimentary immune system in bacteria is in the form of enzymes.
The enzymes in bacteria protect against bacteriophage infections.
Other basic immune mechanisms evolved in ancient eukaryotes.
The basic immune mechanisms remain in the modern descendants of ancient eukaryotes.
The modern descendants of ancient eukaryotes include plants.
The modern descendants of ancient eukaryotes include invertebrates.
Phagocytosis is a mechanism.
Antimicrobial peptides are called defensins.
The complement system is a mechanism.
Phagocytosis, antimicrobial peptides called defensins, and the complement system are included as mechanisms.
Jawed vertebrates have sophisticated defense mechanisms.
Humans are included among jawed vertebrates.
Jawed vertebrates have the ability to adapt over time.
Jawed vertebrates can recognize specific pathogens more efficiently.
Adaptive immunity creates immunological memory after an initial response to a specific pathogen.
Immunological memory leads to an enhanced response to subsequent encounters with the same pathogen.
The process of acquired immunity is the basis of vaccination.
In humans, the response is activated by complement binding to antibodies.
The antibodies have attached to these microbes.
The response is also activated by the binding of complement proteins to carbohydrates.
The carbohydrates are on the surfaces of microbes.
The recognition signal triggers a rapid killing response.
The speed of the response is a result of signal amplification.
Signal amplification occurs following sequential proteolytic activation of complement molecules.
Complement molecules are also proteases.
Complement proteins initially bind to the microbe.
Complement proteins activate their protease activity after binding to the microbe.
The activation of complement proteins' protease activity activates other complement proteases.
The activation of other complement proteases continues the activation process.
The process produces a catalytic cascade.
The catalytic cascade amplifies the initial signal.
The amplification of the initial signal occurs by controlled positive feedback.
The cascade results in the production of peptides.
The peptides attract immune cells.
The peptides increase vascular permeability.
The peptides opsonize the surface of a pathogen.
Opsonization marks the surface of a pathogen for destruction.
The deposition of complement can kill cells directly.
The deposition of complement can disrupt the plasma membrane of cells.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is a scientific intergovernmental body.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change operates under the auspices of the United Nations.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change was set up at the request of member governments.
The establishment occurred in 1988.
The establishment was made by two United Nations organizations.
The two United Nations organizations are the World Meteorological Organization and the United Nations Environment Programme.
The establishment was later endorsed by the United Nations General Assembly.
The endorsement was made through Resolution 43/53.
Membership of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is open to all members of the World Meteorological Organization.
Membership of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is open to all members of the United Nations Environment Programme.
The IPCC produces reports.
The reports support the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change is the main international treaty on climate change.
The ultimate objective of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) is to stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere.
The stabilization of greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere would prevent dangerous anthropogenic climate change.
Human-induced interference occurs with the climate system.
IPCC reports cover scientific information relevant to understanding the scientific basis of risk of human-induced climate change.
IPCC reports cover technical information relevant to understanding the scientific basis of risk of human-induced climate change.
IPCC reports cover socio-economic information relevant to understanding the scientific basis of risk of human-induced climate change.
IPCC reports cover information relevant to understanding the potential impacts of human-induced climate change.
IPCC reports cover information relevant to understanding options for adaptation to human-induced climate change.
IPCC reports cover information relevant to understanding options for mitigation of human-induced climate change.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
Hoesung Lee is a Korean economist.
Hoesung Lee is the chair of the IPCC.
Hoesung Lee has been the chair of the IPCC since October 8, 2015.
The new IPCC Bureau was elected on October 8, 2015.
Before this election, the IPCC was led by Ismail El Gizouli.
Ismail El Gizouli was the vice-Chair of the IPCC.
Ismail El Gizouli was designated acting Chair after the resignation of Rajendra K.
Pachauri was active in February 2015.
The previous chairs were Rajendra K.
Pachauri was elected in May 2002.
Robert Watson was elected in 1997.
Bert Bolin was elected in 1988.
The chair is assisted by an elected bureau.
The elected bureau includes vice-chairs.
The elected bureau includes working group co-chairs.
The elected bureau includes a secretariat.
The IPCC Panel is composed of representatives.
The representatives are appointed by governments.
The representatives are appointed by organizations.
Participation of delegates with appropriate expertise is encouraged.
Plenary sessions of the IPCC are held at the level of government representatives.
Plenary sessions of the IPCC Working groups are held at the level of government representatives.
Non Governmental Organizations may be allowed to attend as observers.
Intergovernmental Organizations may be allowed to attend as observers.
Sessions of the IPCC Bureau are by invitation only.
Workshops are by invitation only.
Expert authors meetings are by invitation only.
Lead authors meetings are by invitation only.
Attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials.
Attendance at the 2003 meeting included climate change experts.
Closed plenary sessions were held after the opening ceremonies.
The meeting report states there were 322 persons in attendance at Sessions.
About seven-eighths of the participants were from governmental organizations.
The IPCC receives funding through the IPCC Trust Fund.
The IPCC Trust Fund was established in 1989.
The United Nations Environment Programme established the IPCC Trust Fund.
The World Meteorological Organization established the IPCC Trust Fund.
The costs of the Secretary are provided by the World Meteorological Organization.
The costs of housing the secretariat are provided by the World Meteorological Organization.
The United Nations Environment Programme meets the cost of the Deputy Secretary.
Annual cash contributions to the Trust Fund are made by the World Meteorological Organization.
Annual cash contributions to the Trust Fund are made by the United Nations Environment Programme.
Annual cash contributions to the Trust Fund are made by Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Members.
The scale of payments to the Trust Fund is determined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Panel.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Panel is responsible for considering the annual budget.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Panel is responsible for adopting the annual budget by consensus.
The organisation is required to comply with the Financial Regulations of the WMO.
The organisation is required to comply with the Rules of the WMO.
The IPCC does not carry out research.
The IPCC does not monitor climate related data.
Lead authors of IPCC reports assess the available information about climate change.
The assessment is based on published sources.
According to IPCC guidelines, authors should give priority to peer-reviewed sources.
Authors may refer to non-peer-reviewed sources.
Non-peer-reviewed sources are referred to as the 'grey literature'.
Authors may refer to non-peer-reviewed sources provided that the non-peer-reviewed sources are of sufficient quality.
Examples of non-peer-reviewed sources include model results.
Examples of non-peer-reviewed sources include reports from government agencies.
Examples of non-peer-reviewed sources include reports from non-governmental organizations.
Examples of non-peer-reviewed sources include industry journals.
Each subsequent IPCC report notes areas where the science has improved since the previous report.
Each subsequent IPCC report notes areas where further research is required.
Each chapter has a number of authors.
The authors are responsible for writing the material.
The authors are responsible for editing the material.
A chapter typically has two coordinating lead authors.
A chapter typically has ten to fifteen lead authors.
A chapter typically has a somewhat larger number of contributing authors.
The coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors.
The coordinating lead authors ensure that the contributions of the other authors meet stylistic and formatting requirements.
The coordinating lead authors report to the Working Group chairs.
Lead authors are responsible for writing sections of chapters.
Contributing authors prepare text for inclusion by the lead authors.
Contributing authors prepare graphs for inclusion by the lead authors.
Contributing authors prepare data for inclusion by the lead authors.
The executive summary of the WG I Summary for Policymakers report states a certainty regarding emissions resulting from human activities.
Emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases.
The increase in atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases is resulting in an additional warming of the Earth's surface on average.
They calculate with confidence that CO2 has been responsible for over half the enhanced greenhouse effect.
They predict a global mean temperature increase under a 'business as usual' scenario.
The predicted increase in global mean temperature is about 0.
The temperature is projected to increase by 3 °C per decade.
The temperature increase is projected to occur during the 21st century.
They judge that global mean surface air temperature has increased by 0.
3 is a number.
0 is a number.
The expression '3 to 0' represents a mathematical operation.
The temperature has increased by 6 °C over the last 100 years.
The increase in temperature is broadly consistent with predictions of climate models.
The increase in temperature is also of the same magnitude as natural climate variability.
The unequivocal detection of the enhanced greenhouse effect is not likely.
The unequivocal detection of the enhanced greenhouse effect is not likely for a decade or more.
In 2001, 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change.
The joint statement was made by the Australian Academy of Science.
The joint statement was made by the Royal Flemish Academy of Belgium for Science and the Arts.
The joint statement was made by the Brazilian Academy of Sciences.
The joint statement was made by the Royal Society of Canada.
The joint statement was made by the Caribbean Academy of Sciences.
The joint statement was made by the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
The joint statement was made by the French Academy of Sciences.
The joint statement was made by the German Academy of Natural Scientists Leopoldina.
The joint statement was made by the Indian National Science Academy.
The joint statement was made by the Indonesian Academy of Sciences.
The joint statement was made by the Royal Irish Academy.
The joint statement was made by Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei in Italy.
The joint statement was made by the Academy of Sciences Malaysia.
The joint statement was made by the Academy Council of the Royal Society of New Zealand.
The joint statement was made by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
The joint statement was made by the Royal Society in the United Kingdom.
The statement was published as an editorial in the journal Science.
The statement supports the conclusion of the Third Assessment Report (TAR).
The conclusion of the Third Assessment Report (TAR) states that it is at least 90% certain that temperatures will continue to rise.
The average global surface temperature is projected to increase by between 1.
4 is a number.
5 is a number.
The temperature is projected to be 8 °C above 1990 levels by the year 2100.
The TAR has been endorsed by the Canadian Foundation for Climate and Atmospheric Sciences.
The TAR has been endorsed by the Canadian Meteorological and Oceanographic Society.
The TAR has been endorsed by the European Geosciences Union.
The Canadian Foundation for Climate and Atmospheric Sciences is an organization.
The Canadian Meteorological and Oceanographic Society is an organization.
The European Geosciences Union is an organization.
The endorsement of the TAR by these organizations is referenced in the section titled 'Endorsements of the IPCC'.
Richard Lindzen is an author for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
Richard Lindzen has made a number of criticisms of the Third Assessment Report (TAR).
Lindzen has stated criticisms regarding the WGI Summary for Policymakers.
The WGI Summary for Policymakers does not faithfully summarize the full WGI report.
Lindzen states a hypothesis about the SPM.
The SPM understates the uncertainty associated with climate models.
John Houghton was a co-chair of TAR WGI.
John Houghton has responded to Richard Lindzen's criticisms of the SPM.
Houghton has stressed that the SPM is agreed upon by delegates from many of the world's governments.
Any changes to the SPM must be supported by scientific evidence.
The IPCC is publishing Special Reports on specific topics.
The IPCC is also producing climate assessment reports.
The preparation process for all IPCC Special Reports follows the same procedures as for IPCC Assessment Reports.
The approval process for all IPCC Special Reports follows the same procedures as for IPCC Assessment Reports.
In the year 2011, two IPCC Special Reports were finalized.
The first IPCC Special Report was the Special Report on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation.
The abbreviation for the Special Report on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation is SRREN.
The second IPCC Special Report was the Special Report on Managing Risks of Extreme Events and Disasters to Advance Climate Change Adaptation.
The abbreviation for the Special Report on Managing Risks of Extreme Events and Disasters to Advance Climate Change Adaptation is SREX.
Both Special Reports were requested by governments.
The IPCC concentrates its activities on tasks.
The tasks are allotted to the IPCC by the relevant WMO Executive Council resolutions.
The tasks are allotted to the IPCC by UNEP Governing Council decisions.
The IPCC concentrates its activities on actions in support of the UNFCCC process.
The preparation of the assessment reports is a major function of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
The preparation of the assessment reports supports other activities.
The Data Distribution Centre is one of the activities supported by the preparation of the assessment reports.
The National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme is another activity supported by the preparation of the assessment reports.
The National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme is required under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).
Publishing default emission factors is involved in this process.
Default emission factors are factors used to derive emissions estimates.
Emissions estimates are derived based on the levels of fuel consumption.
Emissions estimates are derived based on the levels of industrial production.
Emissions estimates are derived based on other relevant factors.
The projection was not included in the final summary for policymakers.
The IPCC has acknowledged that the date is incorrect.
The IPCC has reaffirmed that the conclusion in the final summary was robust.
They expressed regret for the poor application of well-established IPCC procedures in this instance.
The IPCC procedures are well-established.
The date of 2035 has been correctly quoted by the IPCC.
The IPCC is the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
The date of 2035 was quoted from the WWF report.
The WWF report has misquoted its own source.
The source misquoted by the WWF report is an ICSI report.
The title of the ICSI report is 'Variations of Snow and Ice in the past and at present on a Global and Regional Scale.'
Robert Watson was the former chairman of the IPCC.
Robert Watson has said that the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious.
Robert Watson has said that the mistakes involve overstating the impact of climate change.
The statement expresses concern.
The IPCC needs to look at the trend in the errors.
The IPCC needs to ask why the trend in the errors happened.
Martin Parry is a climate expert.
Martin Parry had been co-chair of the IPCC working group II.
Martin Parry said a statement regarding the situation with Himalayan glaciers.
The statement by Martin Parry is that 'What began with a single unfortunate error over Himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance.'
The IPCC investigated other alleged mistakes.
The alleged mistakes investigated by the IPCC were generally unfounded.
The alleged mistakes investigated by the IPCC were marginal to the assessment.
The third assessment report prominently featured a graph.
The graph was labeled 'Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction'.
The graph was based on a 1999 paper.
Michael E was the author of the 1999 paper.
Mann is a person.
Raymond S is a name associated with Mann.
Bradley is a named entity.
Malcolm K is a named entity.
Hughes (MBH99) is a study.
Hughes (MBH99) has been referred to as the 'hockey stick graph'.
The graph extended a similar graph.
The similar graph is located in Figure 3.
The IPCC Second Assessment Report was published in 1995.
The IPCC Second Assessment Report differed from a schematic in the first assessment report.
The first assessment report lacked temperature units.
The schematic in the first assessment report appeared to depict larger global temperature variations over the past 1000 years.
The schematic in the first assessment report depicted higher temperatures during the Medieval Warm Period than the mid 20th century.
The schematic was not an actual plot of data.
The schematic was based on a diagram of temperatures in central England.
Temperatures were increased on the basis of documentary evidence of Medieval vineyards in England.
The increase occurred.
The maximum temperature for the Medieval Warm Period did not reach temperatures recorded in central England in 2007.
The MBH99 finding was supported by cited reconstructions.
The cited reconstructions were conducted by Jones et al.
The year 1998 is mentioned.
Pollack, Huang, and Shen conducted research in 1998.
Crowley and Lowery conducted research in 2000.
Briffa conducted research in 2000.
Pollack, Huang, and Shen used differing data and methods.
Crowley and Lowery used differing data and methods.
Briffa used differing data and methods.
The Jones et al is a named entity.
Briffa reconstructions were overlaid with the MBH99 reconstruction.
Figure 2 displays the overlay of Briffa reconstructions with the MBH99 reconstruction.
21 is a number.
21 refers to a specific section or element of the IPCC report.
The IPCC report is a publication by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
These studies were widely presented as demonstrating that the current warming period is exceptional.
The current warming period is exceptional in comparison to temperatures between 1000 and 1900.
The MBH99 based graph was featured in publicity.
Even at the draft stage, the finding was disputed by contrarians.
In May 2000, Fred Singer's Science and Environmental Policy Project held a press event on Capitol Hill.
Capitol Hill is located in Washington, D.C.
Wibjörn Karlén featured comments on the graph.
Singer argued against the graph.
Wibjörn Karlén and Singer argued against the graph at a United States Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation hearing.
The hearing took place on 18 July 2000.
John Lawrence Daly is a contrarian.
John Lawrence Daly featured a modified version of the IPCC 1990 schematic.
John Lawrence Daly mis-identified the modified version as appearing in the IPCC 1995 report.
John Lawrence Daly argued that the IPCC overturned its own previous view in the 1995 report.
The IPCC presented the 'Hockey Stick' as the new orthodoxy.
The IPCC presented the 'Hockey Stick' with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt U-turn since its 1995 report.
The MBH99 reconstruction received criticism in a review paper.
The review paper was quickly discredited in the Soon and Baliunas controversy.
The Bush administration picked up the criticism of the MBH99 reconstruction.
A Senate speech was given by US Republican senator James Inhofe.
James Inhofe alleged that manmade global warming is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people.
The data and methodology used to produce the hockey stick graph were criticized in papers by Stephen McIntyre.
The data and methodology used to produce the hockey stick graph were criticized in papers by Ross McKitrick.
The criticisms in the papers by Stephen McIntyre and Ross McKitrick were examined by other studies.
The criticisms in the papers by Stephen McIntyre and Ross McKitrick were comprehensively refuted by Wahl & Ammann in 2007.
Wahl & Ammann in 2007 showed errors in the methods used by Stephen McIntyre.
Wahl & Ammann in 2007 showed errors in the methods used by Ross McKitrick.
The date is 23 June 2005.
Rep is a title that likely refers to a representative.
Joe Barton was the chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce.
Joe Barton wrote joint letters with Ed Whitfield.
Ed Whitfield was the chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations.
Joe Barton and Ed Whitfield demanded full records on climate research.
Joe Barton and Ed Whitfield demanded personal information about the finances and careers of Mann, Bradley, and Hughes.
Mann, Bradley, and Hughes were the individuals from whom Joe Barton and Ed Whitfield demanded information.
Sherwood Boehlert is the chairman of the House Science Committee.
Sherwood Boehlert said that the investigation was a misguided and illegitimate investigation.
The investigation was apparently aimed at intimidating scientists.
Sherwood Boehlert made a request to the U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The National Academy of Sciences arranged for a special investigation.
The National Research Council was set up by the National Academy of Sciences.
The National Research Council's report agreed that there were some statistical failings.
The statistical failings had little effect on the graph.
The graph was generally correct.
In a 2006 letter to Nature, Michael Mann, Malcolm Hughes, and Raymond Bradley pointed out that their original article had said that more widespread high-resolution data are needed before more confident conclusions can be reached.
Michael Mann, Malcolm Hughes, and Raymond Bradley are the authors of the original article.
The uncertainties were the point of the article.
The IPCC Fourth Assessment Report was published in 2007.
The IPCC Fourth Assessment Report featured a graph showing 12 proxy based temperature reconstructions.
The graph included three highlighted temperature reconstructions from the 2001 Third Assessment Report.
The three highlighted temperature reconstructions included Mann, Bradley & Hughes 1999.
The three highlighted temperature reconstructions included Jones et al.
The study from 1998 had been calibrated by newer studies.
The study from Briffa in 2000 had been calibrated by newer studies.
The analysis of the Medieval Warm Period cited reconstructions by Crowley & Lowery 2000.
Crowley & Lowery 2000 was cited in the TAR.
The analysis of the Medieval Warm Period cited reconstructions by Osborn & Briffa 2006.
Ten of these 14 reconstructions covered a duration of 1,000 years or longer.
There are 14 reconstructions in total.
Most reconstructions shared some data series.
The data series included tree ring data.
Newer reconstructions used additional data.
Newer reconstructions covered a wider area.
Newer reconstructions used a variety of statistical methods.
The section discussed the divergence problem.
The divergence problem affects certain tree ring data.
On 1 February 2007, a study was published.
The study was published on the eve of the publication of IPCC's major report on climate.
The study suggested that temperatures have been rising at or above the maximum rates proposed during the last IPCC report in 2001.
The study suggested that sea levels have been rising at or above the maximum rates proposed during the last IPCC report in 2001.
IPCC is the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
The last IPCC report was published in 2001.
The study compared IPCC 2001 projections on temperature change with observations.
The study compared IPCC 2001 projections on sea level change with observations.
Over the six years studied, the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's 2001 projection.
The actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change projection.
Another example of scientific research suggests that previous estimates by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change have understated dangers and risks.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is abbreviated as IPCC.
The study focuses on projected rises in sea levels.
The researchers conducted an analysis.
The analysis was applied to the possible scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is abbreviated as IPCC.
The researchers found that in 2100 sea levels would be 0.
5 minus 1 is a mathematical expression.
The result of the expression 5 minus 1 is 4.
The height is 4 meters above 1990 levels.
The height is within the range of 50 to 140 centimeters.
These values are much greater than the projected range of 9–88 cm.
The projected range of 9–88 cm was published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change published its Third Assessment Report in 2001.
The expanding human understanding of climate may have contributed to this situation.
Michael Oppenheimer is a long-time participant in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
Michael Oppenheimer is the coordinating lead author of the Fifth Assessment Report.
Michael Oppenheimer conceded some limitations of the IPCC consensus approach in Science Magazine's State of the Planet 2008-2009.
Michael Oppenheimer asks for concurring, smaller assessments of special problems.
Michael Oppenheimer prefers smaller assessments instead of the large scale approach used in the previous IPCC assessment reports.
Providing a broader exploration of uncertainties has become more important.
Others see mixed blessings of the drive for consensus within the IPCC process.
Others ask to include dissenting or minority positions in the IPCC process.
Others ask to improve statements about uncertainties in the IPCC process.
The IPCC process on climate change has been compared with dealings with other environmental challenges.
The efficiency of the IPCC process on climate change has been compared with dealings with other environmental challenges.
The success of the IPCC process on climate change has been compared with dealings with other environmental challenges.
Ozone depletion is one of the environmental challenges that has been compared with global warming.
Global warming is one of the environmental challenges that has been compared with ozone depletion.
The global regulation based on the Montreal Protocol has been successful in the case of ozone depletion.
The Kyoto Protocol failed in the case of climate change.
The Ozone case was used to assess the efficiency of the IPCC process.
The IPCC process is a process related to climate change.
The IPCC has built a broad science consensus.
The lockstep situation of the IPCC is characterized by the broad science consensus.
States and governments still follow different goals.
States and governments still follow opposing goals.
The underlying linear model of policy-making is being doubted.
The underlying linear model of policy-making states that the more knowledge we have, the better the political response will be.
Sheldon Ungar made a comparison with global warming.
The actors in the ozone depletion case had a better understanding of scientific ignorance.
The actors in the ozone depletion case had a better understanding of uncertainties.
The ozone case was communicated to lay persons.
The communication to lay persons used easy-to-understand bridging metaphors.
The bridging metaphors were derived from popular culture.
The communication related to immediate risks.
The immediate risks had everyday relevance.
Public opinion on climate change sees no imminent danger.
The stepwise mitigation of the ozone layer challenge was based on successfully reducing regional burden sharing conflicts.
The stepwise mitigation of the ozone layer challenge was a process.
Regional burden sharing conflicts were successfully reduced.
The IPCC conclusions are a significant factor in climate discussions.
The Kyoto Protocol experienced a failure.
Varying regional cost-benefit analysis is an unsolved problem.
Burden-sharing conflicts with regard to the distribution of emission reductions remain an unsolved problem.
In the UK, a report for a House of Lords committee asked to urge the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change to involve better assessments of costs and benefits of climate change.
The Stern Review was ordered by the UK government.
The Stern Review made a stronger argument in favor of combating human-made climate change.
The IPCC does not carry out its own research.
The IPCC operates on the basis of scientific papers.
The IPCC operates on independently documented results from other scientific bodies.
The schedule for producing reports by the IPCC requires a deadline for submissions.
The deadline for submissions is prior to the report's final release.
In principle, any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science cannot be included.
The deadline is the point in time before the publication of an IPCC report.
The publication of an IPCC report is the event that follows the deadline.
An area of science has a rapidly changing scientific understanding.
The rapidly changing scientific understanding has been raised as a serious shortcoming.
The body is widely regarded as the ultimate authority on the science.
There has generally been a steady evolution of key findings.
There has generally been a steady evolution of levels of scientific confidence.
The evolution of key findings occurs from one assessment report to the next.
The evolution of levels of scientific confidence occurs from one assessment report to the next.
In February 2010, five climate scientists wrote in the journal Nature.
The five climate scientists were all contributing or lead authors of the IPCC report.
The five climate scientists wrote in response to controversies regarding claims in the Fourth Assessment Report.
The five climate scientists called for changes to the IPCC.
They suggested a range of new organizational options.
The new organizational options include tightening the selection of lead authors.
The new organizational options include tightening the selection of contributors.
The new organizational options include dumping the current system in favor of a small permanent body.
The new organizational options include turning the whole climate science assessment process into a moderated 'living' Wikipedia-IPCC.
Other recommendations included that the panel employ a full-time staff.
Other recommendations included that the panel remove government oversight from its processes.
The removal of government oversight from the panel's processes is intended to avoid political interference.
A prime number is a natural number.
A prime number is greater than 1.
A prime number has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself.
A natural number is greater than 1.
A natural number that is not a prime number is called a composite number.
The number 5 is prime.
The number 5 has only two positive integer factors: 1 and 5.
The number 6 is composite.
The number 6 has divisors 1 and 6.
The number 6 has additional divisors 2 and 3.
The fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory.
Any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes.
The product of primes is unique up to ordering.
The uniqueness in this theorem requires excluding 1 as a prime.
One can include arbitrarily many instances of 1 in any factorization.
The sequence starts with the number 3.
The sequence continues with the number 1.
The sequence includes the number 3 again.
The sequence includes the number 1 again.
The sequence includes the number 1 again.
The sequence includes the number 3 again.
The sequence continues with additional repetitions of the numbers 3 and 1.
The statement refers to valid factorizations of the number 3.
The number 3 can be factored in multiple ways.
All mentioned factorizations are valid.
The property of being prime is called primality.
The property of not being prime is also called primality.
A simple method of verifying the primality of a given number n is known as trial division.
The method of verifying the primality of a given number n is slow.
The process consists of testing whether n is a multiple of any integer.
The integers being tested are between 2 and an unspecified upper limit.
Algorithms have been devised to test the primality of large numbers.
The algorithms are much more efficient than trial division.
The Miller–Rabin primality test is fast.
The Miller–Rabin primality test has a small probability of error.
The AKS primality test always produces the correct answer.
The AKS primality test operates in polynomial time.
The AKS primality test is too slow to be practical.
Particularly fast methods are available for numbers of special forms.
Mersenne numbers are an example of numbers of special forms.
As of January 2016, the largest known prime number has 22,338,618 decimal digits.
There are infinitely many prime numbers.
Euclid demonstrated the existence of infinitely many prime numbers.
Euclid lived around 300 BC.
There is no known simple formula.
The simple formula does not separate prime numbers from composite numbers.
The distribution of primes can be modelled.
The distribution of primes refers to the statistical behaviour of primes in the large.
The first result in the direction of prime numbers is the prime number theorem.
The prime number theorem was proven at the end of the 19th century.
The prime number theorem states that the probability that a given, randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits.
The probability that a given, randomly chosen number n is prime is also inversely proportional to the logarithm of n.
Many questions regarding prime numbers remain open.
Goldbach's conjecture states that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes.
The twin prime conjecture states that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2.
Such questions spurred the development of various branches of number theory.
The branches of number theory focus on analytic aspects of numbers.
The branches of number theory focus on algebraic aspects of numbers.
Primes are used in several routines in information technology.
Public-key cryptography is one of the routines that uses primes.
Public-key cryptography makes use of properties of primes.
One property of primes is the difficulty of factoring large numbers into their prime factors.
Prime numbers give rise to various generalizations in other mathematical domains.
The generalizations in other mathematical domains mainly include algebra.
The generalizations include prime elements.
The generalizations include prime ideals.
The number 6 is not a prime number.
The image at the right illustrates that 12 is not a prime number.
12 is equal to 3 multiplied by 4.
No even number greater than 2 is prime.
By definition, any even number greater than 2 has at least three distinct divisors.
The three distinct divisors of any even number greater than 2 are 1, 2, and the even number itself.
The statement implies that n is not a prime number.
The term odd prime refers to any prime number.
Any prime number that is referred to as odd prime is greater than 2.
All prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1, 3, 7, or 9 when written in the usual decimal system.
Even numbers are multiples of 2.
Numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5.
Most early Greeks did not consider 1 to be a number.
Most early Greeks could not consider 1 to be a prime.
By the Middle Ages, many mathematicians included 1 as the first prime number.
By the Renaissance, many mathematicians included 1 as the first prime number.
In the mid-18th century, Christian Goldbach listed 1 as the first prime.
Christian Goldbach was involved in a famous correspondence with Leonhard Euler.
Leonhard Euler did not agree with Christian Goldbach's assertion.
In the 19th century, many mathematicians still considered the number 1 to be a prime.
Derrick Norman Lehmer created a list of primes up to 10,006,721.
The list of primes created by Derrick Norman Lehmer was reprinted as late as 1956.
The first prime in Derrick Norman Lehmer's list was 1.
Henri Lebesgue is said to be the last professional mathematician.
Henri Lebesgue called 1 prime.
By the early 20th century, mathematicians began to accept that 1 is not a prime number.
1 forms its own special category as a 'unit'.
A large body of mathematical work would still be valid when calling 1 a prime.
Euclid's fundamental theorem of arithmetic would not hold as stated.
The number 15 can be factored as 3 · 5.
The number 15 can also be factored as 1 · 3 · 5.
If the number 1 were admitted as a prime, these two presentations would be considered different factorizations of the number 15 into prime numbers.
The statement of that theorem would have to be modified.
The sieve of Eratosthenes would not work correctly if the number 1 were considered a prime.
A modified version of the sieve of Eratosthenes that considers the number 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of the number 1.
All multiples of the number 1 include all other numbers.
The output of the modified version of the sieve of Eratosthenes would be only the single number 1.
The prime numbers have several properties.
The number 1 lacks several properties.
One property that prime numbers have is the relationship of the prime number to its corresponding value of Euler's totient function.
Another property that prime numbers have is the relationship of the prime number to the sum of divisors function.
There are hints in the surviving records of the ancient Egyptians.
The ancient Egyptians had some knowledge of prime numbers.
The Egyptian fraction expansions in the Rhind papyrus have quite different forms for prime numbers.
The Egyptian fraction expansions in the Rhind papyrus have quite different forms for composite numbers.
The earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers come from the Ancient Greeks.
The Ancient Greeks were a civilization known for their contributions to mathematics.
Euclid's Elements were created circa 300 BC.
Euclid's Elements contain important theorems about prime numbers.
One important theorem in Euclid's Elements is the infinitude of primes.
Another important theorem in Euclid's Elements is the fundamental theorem of arithmetic.
Euclid showed how to construct a perfect number from a Mersenne prime.
A perfect number can be constructed from a Mersenne prime.
The Sieve of Eratosthenes is a method to compute primes.
The Sieve of Eratosthenes is attributed to Eratosthenes.
The Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple method.
The large primes found today with computers are not generated by the Sieve of Eratosthenes.
After the Greeks, little happened with the study of prime numbers.
The study of prime numbers experienced little progress until the 17th century.
In 1640, Pierre de Fermat stated Fermat's little theorem.
Fermat's little theorem was stated without proof.
Fermat's little theorem was later proved by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz.
Fermat's little theorem was later proved by Leonhard Euler.
Fermat conjectured that all numbers of the form 22n + 1 are prime.
Numbers of the form 22n + 1 are called Fermat numbers.
Fermat verified this conjecture up to n = 4.
The value of 22n + 1 when n = 4 is 216 + 1.
The very next Fermat number 232 + 1 is composite.
One of the prime factors of the Fermat number 232 + 1 is 641.
Euler discovered that the Fermat number 232 + 1 is composite.
No further Fermat numbers are known to be prime.
The French monk Marin Mersenne looked at primes of the form 2p − 1.
In the expression 2p − 1, p is a prime.
Mersenne primes are a type of prime number.
Mersenne primes are called Mersenne primes in the honor of Marin Mersenne.
The most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n is called trial division.
Trial division is a method of checking the primality of a given integer n.
This routine consists of dividing n by each integer m.
The integer m is greater than 1.
The integer m is less than or equal to the square root of n.
If the result of any of these divisions is an integer, then n is not a prime.
If the result of none of these divisions is an integer, then n is a prime.
If a number is composite, then it has factors a and b.
The factors a and b are not equal to 1.
One of the factors a or b is necessarily at most a certain value.
The trial divisions are by m = 2.
The trial divisions are by m = 3.
The trial divisions are by m = 4.
The trial divisions are by m = 5.
The trial divisions are by m = 6.
None of these numbers divides 37.
37 is a prime number.
This routine can be implemented more efficiently if a complete list of primes is known.
The complete list of primes is up to a certain number.
Trial divisions need to be checked only for those numbers that are prime.
To check the primality of the number 37, only three divisions are necessary.
The necessary divisions are by the numbers 2, 3, and 5.
The numbers 4 and 6 are composite.
Modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes.
The two main classes of modern primality tests are probabilistic algorithms.
The two main classes of modern primality tests are deterministic algorithms.
Probabilistic algorithms are also known as 'Monte Carlo' algorithms.
Deterministic algorithms provide a way to tell for sure whether a given number is prime.
Deterministic algorithms provide a way to tell for sure whether a given number is not prime.
Trial division is a deterministic algorithm.
If trial division is performed correctly, it will always identify a prime number as prime.
If trial division is performed correctly, it will always identify a composite number as composite.
Probabilistic algorithms are normally faster.
Probabilistic algorithms do not completely prove that a number is prime.
These tests rely on testing a given number in a partly random way.
A given test might pass all the time if applied to a prime number.
A given test might pass only with probability p if applied to a composite number.
If we repeat the test n times, then we pass every time.
The probability that our number is composite is 1/(1-p)n.
The probability that our number is composite decreases exponentially with the number of tests.
We can be as sure as we like that the number is prime.
We can never be perfectly sure that the number is prime.
If the test ever fails, then we know that the number is composite.
The test is a method used to determine the nature of the number.
A composite number is a number that has more than two distinct positive divisors.
A particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the Fermat primality test.
The Fermat primality test relies on the fact known as Fermat's little theorem.
Fermat's little theorem states that np is congruent to n modulo p for any n if p is a prime number.
If there is a number b that is to be tested for primality, then a test is performed.
The test involves working out nb (mod b) for a random value of n.
A flaw exists with the test.
Some composite numbers are known as Carmichael numbers.
Carmichael numbers satisfy the Fermat identity.
Carmichael numbers are not prime.
The test has no way of distinguishing between prime numbers and Carmichael numbers.
Carmichael numbers are substantially rarer than prime numbers.
The test for Carmichael numbers can be useful for practical purposes.
More powerful extensions of the Fermat primality test exist.
The Baillie-PSW test is a more powerful extension of the Fermat primality test.
The Miller-Rabin test is a more powerful extension of the Fermat primality test.
The Solovay-Strassen test is a more powerful extension of the Fermat primality test.
More powerful extensions of the Fermat primality test are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number.
The numbers are prime.
Prime numbers of this form are known as factorial primes.
Other primes exist where either a prime number p plus 1 or a prime number p minus 1 is of a particular shape.
Sophie Germain primes are primes of the form 2p + 1 where p is a prime number.
Primorial primes are a type of prime number.
Fermat primes are a type of prime number.
Mersenne primes are prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1.
In the case of Mersenne primes, p is an arbitrary prime number.
The Lucas–Lehmer test is particularly fast for numbers of a specific form.
The specific form refers to a certain category of numbers.
The largest known prime has almost always been a Mersenne prime.
The phenomenon of the largest known prime being a Mersenne prime has occurred since the dawn of electronic computers.
The following table gives the largest known primes.
The primes are of the mentioned types.
Some of these primes have been found.
The primes have been found using distributed computing.
In 2009, the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search project was awarded a US$100,000 prize.
The Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search project was awarded the prize for first discovering a prime with at least 10 million digits.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation offers $150,000 for primes with at least 100 million digits.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation offers $250,000 for primes with at least 1 billion digits.
Some of the largest primes are not known to have any particular form.
A particular form is defined as having a simple formula such as that of Mersenne primes.
Some of the largest primes have been found by taking a piece of semi-random binary data.
The semi-random binary data is converted to a number n.
The number n is multiplied by 256k for some positive integer k.
Possible primes are searched for within the interval [256kn + 1, 256k(n + 1) − 1].
Natural numbers are a set of numbers that include all positive integers.
The statement refers to the property of being prime.
A number is prime if it has exactly two distinct positive divisors: 1 and itself.
The statement claims that certain numbers are prime for any natural number n.
The floor function is represented by the symbol '⌊x⌋'.
The variable 'i' is mentioned.
The largest integer is not greater than the number in question.
The latter formula can be shown using Bertrand's postulate.
Bertrand's postulate was proven first by Pafnuty Chebyshev.
Bertrand's postulate states that there always exists at least one prime number p.
The prime number p satisfies the condition n < p < 2n − 2.
The condition applies for any natural number n that is greater than 3.
Computing A requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes.
Computing μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes.
Another formula is based on Wilson's theorem.
The formula generates the number 2 many times.
The formula generates all other primes exactly once.
A and Q can have infinitely many primes only when A and Q are coprime.
A and Q are coprime when they have no common positive integer factors.
The greatest common divisor of the two entities is one.
If the necessary condition is satisfied, Dirichlet's theorem on arithmetic progressions asserts that the progression contains infinitely many primes.
Dirichlet's theorem on arithmetic progressions asserts that the progression contains infinitely many primes.
The picture below illustrates a concept with q equal to 9.
The numbers are wrapped around as soon as a multiple of 9 is passed.
Primes are highlighted in red.
The rows starting with a = 3 contain at most one prime number.
The rows starting with a = 6 contain at most one prime number.
The rows starting with a = 9 contain at most one prime number.
In all other rows, there are infinitely many prime numbers.
The rows referred to are a = 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, and 8.
The primes are distributed equally among those rows in the long run.
The density of all primes congruent to a modulo 9 is 1/6.
The zeta function is closely related to prime numbers.
The aforementioned fact is that there are infinitely many primes.
The infinitely many primes can also be seen using the zeta function.
If there were only finitely many primes, then the zeta function evaluated at 1 would have a finite value.
The harmonic series is represented as 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4.
The term 'diverges' is used in mathematical contexts.
The symbol 'i' represents the imaginary unit in mathematics.
There exists a number that exceeds any given number.
There must be infinitely many prime numbers.
The zeta function has richness.
The zeta function provides a glimpse of modern algebraic number theory.
The following identity is an example of the richness of the zeta function.
The following identity is an example of a glimpse of modern algebraic number theory.
The following identity is known as the Basel problem.
The Basel problem is due to Leonhard Euler.
The Riemann hypothesis is an unproven hypothesis.
The Riemann hypothesis dates from 1859.
The Riemann hypothesis states that except for s = −2 and s = −4.
All zeroes of the ζ-function have a real part equal to 1/2.
The connection to prime numbers is that it essentially says that the primes are as regularly distributed as possible.
From a physical viewpoint, the statement roughly states that the irregularity in the distribution of prime numbers only comes from random noise.
The irregularity in the distribution of prime numbers is a phenomenon.
Random noise is a source of the irregularity in the distribution of prime numbers.
From a mathematical viewpoint, the asymptotic distribution of primes roughly states that about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes.
The prime number theorem states that about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes.
The asymptotic distribution of primes also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x.
The shorter intervals are for intervals near x.
The hypothesis is generally believed to be correct.
The simplest assumption is that primes should have no significant irregularities.
The absence of significant irregularities in primes should occur without good reason.
The Riemann hypothesis is one conjecture.
Many more conjectures revolving about primes have been posed.
Many conjectures often have an elementary formulation.
Many conjectures have withstood a proof for decades.
All four of Landau's problems from 1912 are still unsolved.
One of the conjectures is Goldbach's conjecture.
Goldbach's conjecture asserts that every even integer n greater than 2 can be written as a sum of two primes.
Every even integer n is greater than 2.
As of February 2011, this conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017.
The conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017.
Weaker statements than this have been proven.
Vinogradov's theorem states that every sufficiently large odd integer can be written as a sum of three primes.
Chen's theorem states that every sufficiently large even number can be expressed as the sum of a prime and a semiprime.
A semiprime is defined as the product of two primes.
Any even integer can be written as the sum of six primes.
The branch of number theory is called additive number theory.
Additive number theory studies questions related to numbers.
A third type of conjectures concerns aspects of the distribution of primes.
It is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes.
Twin primes are pairs of primes with a difference of 2.
The twin prime conjecture states that there are infinitely many twin primes.
Polignac's conjecture is a strengthening of another conjecture.
Polignac's conjecture states that for every positive integer n, there are infinitely many pairs of consecutive primes.
The pairs of consecutive primes differ by 2n.
It is conjectured that there are infinitely many primes.
The primes are of the form n squared plus 1.
These conjectures are special cases of Schinzel's hypothesis H.
Schinzel's hypothesis H is a broad hypothesis.
Brocard's conjecture states a mathematical hypothesis.
Brocard's conjecture says that there are always at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2.
The squares of consecutive primes greater than 2 are defined.
There are at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2.
Legendre's conjecture states a hypothesis about prime numbers.
Legendre's conjecture states that there is a prime number between n squared and (n plus 1) squared.
Legendre's conjecture applies for every positive integer n.
A stronger version of Cramér's conjecture implies something.
Number theory in general was seen as the canonical example of pure mathematics for a long time.
The study of prime numbers in particular was seen as the canonical example of pure mathematics for a long time.
Number theory had no applications outside of the self-interest of studying the topic for a long time.
The use of prime numbered gear teeth was an exception to the lack of applications of number theory.
Prime numbered gear teeth distribute wear evenly.
Number theorists study the properties and relationships of numbers.
G is a British mathematician.
Hardy prided Hardy on doing work that had absolutely no military significance.
The vision was shattered in the 1970s.
It was publicly announced that prime numbers could be used as the basis for the creation of public key cryptography algorithms.
Prime numbers are used for hash tables.
Prime numbers are used for pseudorandom number generators.
Giuga's conjecture states that a specific equation is a sufficient condition for a prime number.
The equation mentioned in Giuga's conjecture is a sufficient condition for p to be prime.
Another consequence of Fermat's little theorem is the following.
If p is a prime number other than 2 and 5, then 1/p is always a recurring decimal.
The period of the recurring decimal 1/p is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1.
The fraction 1/p can be expressed in base q.
The expression of the fraction 1/p in base q has a similar effect.
The effect is similar provided that p is not a prime factor of q.
Wilson's theorem states a condition for an integer p.
The integer p must be greater than 1.
The integer p is prime if and only if the factorial of (p − 1) plus 1 is divisible by p.
The factorial of (p − 1) is represented as (p − 1)!
The expression (p − 1)! + 1 is the factorial of (p − 1) plus 1.
An integer n is greater than 4.
An integer n is composite if and only if (n − 1)! is divisible by n.
Several public-key cryptography algorithms are based on large prime numbers.
RSA is a public-key cryptography algorithm.
The Diffie–Hellman key exchange is a public-key cryptography algorithm.
512-bit primes are frequently used for RSA.
1024-bit primes are typical for the Diffie–Hellman key exchange.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
RSA relies on the assumption that it is much easier to factor large prime numbers than to compute the product of those prime numbers.
The assumption is fundamental to the security of RSA.
It is more efficient to perform the multiplication of two large numbers x and y than to calculate x and y if only the product xy is known.
The numbers x and y are assumed to be coprime.
The Diffie–Hellman key exchange relies on the fact that there are efficient algorithms for modular exponentiation.
The reverse operation of modular exponentiation is the discrete logarithm.
The discrete logarithm is thought to be a hard problem.
The evolutionary strategy used by cicadas of the genus Magicicada makes use of prime numbers.
Cicadas of the genus Magicicada are a type of insect.
These insects spend most of their lives as grubs.
These grubs live underground.
The insects only pupate after 7, 13, or 17 years.
The insects emerge from their burrows after 7, 13, or 17 years.
At the point of emergence, the insects fly about.
The insects breed after emerging from their burrows.
The insects die after a few weeks at most.
The logic for the phenomenon is believed to be based on prime number intervals between emergences.
The prime number intervals between emergences make it very difficult for predators to evolve.
Predators that could specialize as predators on Magicicadas are difficult to evolve due to the prime number intervals.
Magicicadas appeared at non-prime number intervals.
Magicicadas appeared every 12 years.
Predators appeared every 2 years.
Predators appeared every 3 years.
Predators appeared every 4 years.
Predators appeared every 6 years.
Predators appeared every 12 years.
Predators would be sure to meet Magicicadas.
Over a 200-year period, average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 14-year cicadas would be up to 2% higher than during outbreaks of 13-year cicadas.
Over a 200-year period, average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 14-year cicadas would be up to 2% higher than during outbreaks of 15-year cicadas.
Over a 200-year period, average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 14-year cicadas would be up to 2% higher than during outbreaks of 17-year cicadas.
Over a 200-year period, average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 15-year cicadas would be up to 2% higher than during outbreaks of 13-year cicadas.
Over a 200-year period, average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 15-year cicadas would be up to 2% higher than during outbreaks of 17-year cicadas.
Over a 200-year period, average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 13-year cicadas would be lower than during outbreaks of 14-year cicadas.
Over a 200-year period, average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 13-year cicadas would be lower than during outbreaks of 15-year cicadas.
Over a 200-year period, average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 13-year cicadas would be lower than during outbreaks of 17-year cicadas.
Over a 200-year period, average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 17-year cicadas would be lower than during outbreaks of 14-year cicadas.
Over a 200-year period, average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 17-year cicadas would be lower than during outbreaks of 15-year cicadas.
The advantage appears to be small.
The small advantage appears to have been enough to drive natural selection in favour of a prime-numbered life-cycle for these insects.
The insects have a prime-numbered life-cycle.
The concept of prime number is important.
The concept of prime number has been generalized in different ways.
The generalization of the concept of prime number occurs in various branches of mathematics.
The term 'prime' indicates minimality.
The term 'prime' indicates indecomposability.
The term 'prime' indicates minimality or indecomposability in an appropriate sense.
The prime field is the smallest subfield of a field F.
The prime field contains both 0 and 1.
It is either Q or the finite field with p elements.
The finite field has p elements.
The name is derived from the finite field with p elements.
A second, additional meaning is often intended by using the word prime.
The second, additional meaning is that any object can be decomposed into its prime components.
The decomposition of any object into its prime components is essentially unique.
In knot theory, a prime knot is a type of knot.
A prime knot is indecomposable.
A prime knot cannot be written as the knot sum of two nontrivial knots.
Any knot can be uniquely expressed as a connected sum of prime knots.
A connected sum is a mathematical operation used in knot theory.
Prime knots are knots that cannot be expressed as a connected sum of other knots.
Prime models are examples of this type.
Prime 3-manifolds are examples of this type.
Prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts.
The two more general concepts apply to elements of any commutative ring R.
A commutative ring R is an algebraic structure where addition, subtraction, and multiplication are defined.
The two more general concepts are prime elements and irreducible elements.
An element p of R is called a prime element.
The element p is neither zero.
The element p is not a unit.
A number does not have a multiplicative inverse.
The number satisfies a specific requirement.
The specific requirement states that given x and y in the set of real numbers R, if p divides the product xy, then p divides x or p divides y.
An element is irreducible if it is not a unit.
An element is irreducible if it cannot be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units.
In the ring Z of integers, the set of prime elements exists.
In the ring Z of integers, the set of irreducible elements exists.
The set of prime elements equals the set of irreducible elements in the ring Z of integers.
The fundamental theorem of arithmetic continues to hold in unique factorization domains.
The fundamental theorem of arithmetic is a mathematical principle.
Unique factorization domains are a type of mathematical structure.
An example of such a domain is the Gaussian integers Z[i].
The Gaussian integers Z[i] are the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi.
In the expression a + bi, i denotes the imaginary unit.
In the expression a + bi, a and b are arbitrary integers.
The prime elements are known as Gaussian primes.
Not every prime in the set of integers is a Gaussian prime.
The set of integers is denoted as Z.
In the bigger ring of Gaussian integers, denoted as Z[i], the number 2 factors into the product of two Gaussian primes.
The two Gaussian primes that 2 factors into are (1 + i) and (1 − i).
Prime elements in Z of the form 4k + 3 are Gaussian primes.
Rational primes of the form 4k + 1 are not Gaussian primes.
In ring theory, the notion of number is generally replaced with the notion of ideal.
Prime ideals generalize prime elements.
The principal ideal generated by a prime element is a prime ideal.
Prime ideals are an important tool in commutative algebra.
Prime ideals are an important object of study in commutative algebra.
Prime ideals are an important tool in algebraic number theory.
Prime ideals are an important object of study in algebraic number theory.
Prime ideals are an important tool in algebraic geometry.
Prime ideals are an important object of study in algebraic geometry.
The prime ideals of the ring of integers are the ideals (0), (2), (3), (5), (7), (11), and so on.
The fundamental theorem of arithmetic generalizes to the Lasker–Noether theorem.
The Lasker–Noether theorem expresses every ideal in a Noetherian commutative ring as an intersection of primary ideals.
Primary ideals are the appropriate generalizations of prime powers.
Prime ideals are the points of algebro-geometric objects.
The notion of the spectrum of a ring is used to describe the relationship between prime ideals and algebro-geometric objects.
Arithmetic geometry benefits from the notion of concepts existing in both geometry and number theory.
Many concepts exist in both geometry and number theory.
Factorization of prime ideals when lifted to an extension field is a basic problem of algebraic number theory.
Ramification of prime ideals when lifted to an extension field is a basic problem of algebraic number theory.
Factorization of prime ideals bears some resemblance to ramification in geometry.
Ramification of prime ideals bears some resemblance to ramification in geometry.
Such ramification questions occur in number-theoretic questions.
Number-theoretic questions are solely concerned with integers.
Prime ideals exist in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields.
Prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity.
Quadratic reciprocity is a statement.
Quadratic reciprocity concerns the solvability of quadratic equations.
The norm gets smaller when a number is multiplied by p.
The norm is in sharp contrast to the usual absolute value.
The usual absolute value is also referred to as the infinite prime.
Completing Q with respect to the absolute value yields the field of real numbers.
Completing Q with respect to the p-adic norm yields the field of p-adic numbers.
These are essentially all possible ways to complete Q.
Ostrowski's theorem provides the basis for this statement.
Certain arithmetic questions related to Q may be transferred back and forth to the completed fields.
Certain arithmetic questions related to Q may be transferred back and forth to the local fields.
Certain arithmetic questions may be related to more general global fields.
Certain arithmetic questions related to more general global fields may be transferred back and forth to the completed fields.
Certain arithmetic questions related to more general global fields may be transferred back and forth to the local fields.
The local-global principle underlines the importance of primes to number theory.
The local-global principle is a concept in number theory.
Primes are important to number theory.
Prime numbers have influenced many artists.
Prime numbers have influenced many writers.
Olivier Messiaen was a French composer.
Olivier Messiaen used prime numbers to create ametrical music.
Olivier Messiaen created ametrical music through natural phenomena.
In the work La Nativité du Seigneur, which was created in 1935, the composer employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers.
In the work Quatre études de rythme, which was created between 1949 and 1950, the composer employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers.
The composer simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms.
The prime numbers 41, 43, 47, and 53 appear in the third étude titled 'Neumes rythmiques'.
Messiaen has a way of composing.
Messiaen's way of composing was inspired by the movements of nature.
The movements of nature have free and unequal durations.
The Rhine is a European river.
The Rhine begins in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
The Swiss canton of Graubünden is located in the southeastern Swiss Alps.
The Rhine forms part of the Swiss-Austrian border.
The Rhine forms part of the Swiss-Liechtenstein border.
The Rhine forms part of the Swiss-German border.
The Rhine forms part of the Franco-German border.
The Rhine flows through the Rhineland.
The Rhine eventually empties into the North Sea.
The North Sea is located in the Netherlands.
The biggest city on the river Rhine is Cologne.
Cologne is located in Germany.
Cologne has a population of more than 1,050,000 people.
The river is the second-longest river in Central and Western Europe.
The Danube is the longest river in Central and Western Europe.
The length of the river is about 1,230 km.
The length of the river is about 760 mi.
The average discharge of the river is about 2,900 m3/s.
The average discharge of the river is about 100,000 cu ft/s.
The variant forms of the name of the Rhine in modern languages are all derived from the Gaulish name Rēnos.
The Gaulish name Rēnos was adapted in Roman-era geography.
The Roman-era geography occurred in the 1st century BC.
The Gaulish name Rēnos was adapted as Greek Ῥῆνος (Rhēnos).
The Gaulish name Rēnos was adapted as Latin Rhenus.
The spelling with Rh- in English Rhine is due to the influence of Greek orthography.
The spelling with Rh- in German Rhein is due to the influence of Greek orthography.
The spelling with Rh- in French Rhin is due to the influence of Greek orthography.
The vocalisation -i- is due to the Proto-Germanic adoption of the Gaulish name as *Rīnaz.
The Proto-Germanic adoption of the Gaulish name as *Rīnaz occurred via Old Frankish.
The Old Frankish name gave Old English Rín.
The Old Frankish name gave Old High German Rīn.
The Old Frankish name gave Dutch Rijn.
Dutch Rijn was formerly also spelled Rhijn.
The diphthong in modern German Rhein is a Central German development of the early modern period.
The diphthong in modern German Rhein was also adopted in Romansh Rein.
The diphthong in modern German Rhein was also adopted in Rain.
The Alemannic name Rī(n) retains the older vocalism.
Ripuarian Rhing retains the older vocalism.
Palatine has diphthongized Rhei.
Palatine has diphthongized Rhoi.
Spanish adopts the Germanic vocalism Rin-.
French adopts the Germanic vocalism Rin-.
Italian retains the Latin Ren-.
Occitan retains the Latin Ren-.
Portuguese retains the Latin Ren-.
The length of the Rhine is conventionally measured in Rhine-kilometers.
Rhine-kilometers is a scale introduced in 1939.
The Rhine-kilometer scale runs from the Old Rhine Bridge at Constance.
The Old Rhine Bridge at Constance is designated as 0 km.
The Rhine-kilometer scale runs to Hoek van Holland.
Hoek van Holland is designated as 1036 km.
The river length is significantly shortened from the river's natural course.
The shortening of the river length is due to a number of canalisation projects.
The canalisation projects were completed in the 19th century.
The canalisation projects were completed in the 20th century.
The total length of the Rhine includes Lake Constance and the Alpine Rhine.
The total length of the Rhine is more difficult to measure objectively.
The Dutch Rijkswaterstaat cited the total length of the Rhine as 1,232 kilometres in 2010.
The total length of the Rhine is equivalent to 766 miles.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide the full content or context that you would like to have decomposed into clear and simple propositions.
The Anterior Rhine joins the Posterior Rhine near Tamins-Reichenau.
The joining of the Anterior Rhine and the Posterior Rhine forms the Rhine.
The river makes a distinctive turn to the north.
The distinctive turn to the north occurs near Chur.
This section is nearly 86 km long.
This section descends from a height of 599 m.
This section descends to a height of 396 m.
The entity flows through a wide glacial alpine valley.
The wide glacial alpine valley is known as the Rhine Valley.
The Rhine Valley is referred to as Rheintal in German.
Near Sargans, there is a natural dam.
The natural dam is only a few metres high.
The natural dam prevents the water from flowing into the open Seeztal valley.
The water then flows through Lake Walen.
The water flows through Lake Zurich.
The water flows into the river Aare.
The Alpine Rhine begins in the most western part of the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
The Alpine Rhine later forms the border between Switzerland to the West and Liechtenstein to the East.
The Alpine Rhine later forms the border between Switzerland to the West and Austria to the East.
The mouth of the Rhine forms an inland delta.
The inland delta is located into Lake Constance.
The delta is delimited in the West by the Alter Rhein.
Alter Rhein is also known as the 'Old Rhine'.
The delta is delimited in the East by a modern canalized section.
Most of the delta is a nature reserve.
Most of the delta is a bird sanctuary.
The statement includes the Austrian town of Gaißau.
The statement includes the Austrian town of Höchst.
The statement includes the Austrian town of Fußach.
The natural Rhine originally branched into at least two arms.
The natural Rhine formed small islands by precipitating sediments.
In the local Alemannic dialect, the singular is pronounced 'Isel'.
The local pronunciation of Esel is 'Isel'.
Esel means 'Donkey'.
Many local fields have an official name.
The official name of many local fields contains this element.
A regulation of the Rhine was called for.
The regulation of the Rhine included an upper canal near Diepoldsau.
The regulation of the Rhine included a lower canal at Fußach.
The purpose of the regulation of the Rhine was to counteract the constant flooding in the western Rhine Delta.
The purpose of the regulation of the Rhine was to counteract the strong sedimentation in the western Rhine Delta.
The Dornbirner Ach had to be diverted.
The Dornbirner Ach now flows parallel to the canalized Rhine.
The Dornbirner Ach flows into the lake.
The water has a darker color than the Rhine.
The Rhine has a lighter suspended load.
The lighter suspended load of the Rhine comes from higher up the mountains.
The continuous input of sediment into the lake is expected.
The continuous input of sediment into the lake will silt up the lake.
An event has already happened to the former Lake Tuggenersee.
Lake Constance consists of three bodies of water.
The three bodies of water are the Obersee, the Untersee, and a connecting stretch of the Rhine.
The Obersee is also known as the upper lake.
The Untersee is also known as the lower lake.
The connecting stretch of the Rhine is called the Seerhein.
The Seerhein is also known as Lake Rhine.
The lake is situated in Germany.
The lake is situated in Switzerland.
The lake is situated in Austria.
The lake is situated near the Alps.
The shorelines of the body of water lie in the German state of Bavaria.
The shorelines of the body of water lie in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
The shorelines of the body of water lie in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.
The shorelines of the body of water lie in the Swiss canton of Thurgau.
The shorelines of the body of water lie in the Swiss canton of St.
Gallen is a named entity.
The Rhine flows into the body of water from the south.
The Rhine follows the Swiss-Austrian border.
The location is approximately 47°39′N.
The location is approximately 9°19′E.
650°N is a latitude coordinate.
9 is a longitude coordinate.
317°E is a direction.
47 is a numerical value.
650 is a number.
9 is a number.
The flow of cold, gray mountain water continues for some distance into the lake.
The mountain water is cold and gray.
The mountain water flows into the lake.
The cold water flows near the surface.
The cold water does not mix with the warmer, green waters of Upper Lake at first.
At the so-called Rheinbrech, the Rhine water abruptly falls into the depths.
The abrupt fall of the Rhine water is caused by the greater density of cold water.
The flow reappears on the surface at the northern shore of the lake.
The northern shore of the lake is located off the island of Lindau.
The northern shore of the lake is in Germany.
The water follows the northern shore.
The water follows the northern shore until Hagnau am Bodensee.
Hagnau am Bodensee is a location.
A small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of Mainau.
The diverted flow goes into Lake Überlingen.
Most of the water flows via the Constance hopper into the Rheinrinne.
The Rheinrinne is also known as the Rhine Gutter.
Most of the water flows via the Constance hopper into Seerhein.
The flow of the Rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake.
The visibility of the flow of the Rhine water depends on the water level.
The Rhine emerges from Lake Constance.
The Rhine flows generally westward.
The Rhine is referred to as the Hochrhein.
The Rhine passes the Rhine Falls.
The Rhine is joined by its major tributary, the river Aare.
The Aare more than doubles the Rhine's water discharge.
The average water discharge of the Aare is nearly 1,000 m3/s.
The average water discharge of the Aare is approximately 35,000 cu ft/s.
The Aare provides more than a fifth of the discharge at the Dutch border.
The Aare contains the waters from the summit of Finsteraarhorn.
Finsteraarhorn has an elevation of 4,274 meters.
Finsteraarhorn has an elevation of 14,022 feet.
Finsteraarhorn is the highest point of the Rhine basin.
The Rhine roughly forms the German-Swiss border from Lake Constance.
The Rhine has exceptions in the canton of Schaffhausen.
The Rhine has exceptions in parts of the canton of Zürich.
The Rhine has exceptions in parts of the canton of Basel-Stadt.
The Rhine turns north at the so-called Rhine knee at Basel.
The Rhine leaves Switzerland at Basel.
The centre of Basel is located in the first major city in the course of the stream.
The Rhine knee is located in the centre of Basel.
The Rhine knee is a major bend.
The overall direction of the Rhine changes from West to North at the Rhine knee.
The High Rhine ends here.
Legally, the Central Bridge is the boundary between High Rhine and Upper Rhine.
The river now flows North as Upper Rhine.
The Upper Rhine flows through the Upper Rhine Plain.
The Upper Rhine Plain is about 300 km long.
The Upper Rhine Plain is up to 40 km wide.
The most important tributaries in this area are the Ill below of Strasbourg.
The Ill is a tributary located below Strasbourg.
The Neckar is a tributary in Mannheim.
The Main is a tributary across from Mainz.
The Rhine leaves the Upper Rhine Valley in Mainz.
The Rhine flows through the Mainz Basin.
The Upper Rhine region was changed significantly by a Rhine straightening program.
The Rhine straightening program occurred in the 19th Century.
The rate of flow was increased.
The ground water level fell significantly.
Dead branches dried up.
The amount of forests on the flood plains decreased sharply.
The Grand Canal d'Alsace was dug on the French side.
The Grand Canal d'Alsace carries a significant part of the river water.
The Grand Canal d'Alsace carries all of the traffic.
In some places, there are large compensation pools.
The Bassin de compensation de Plobsheim is a huge compensation pool.
The Bassin de compensation de Plobsheim is located in Alsace.
The Rhine is a river.
The Rhine is the longest river in Germany.
The Rhine encounters some of its main tributaries in this location.
The main tributaries of the Rhine include the Neckar.
The main tributaries of the Rhine include the Main.
The main tributaries of the Rhine include the Moselle.
The Moselle contributes an average discharge of more than 300 m3/s.
The average discharge of the Moselle is more than 11,000 cu ft/s.
Northeastern France drains to the Rhine via the Moselle.
Smaller rivers drain the Vosges Mountains uplands.
Smaller rivers drain the Jura Mountains uplands.
Most of Luxembourg drains to the Rhine via the Moselle.
A very small part of Belgium drains to the Rhine via the Moselle.
The Rhine approaches the Dutch border.
The Rhine has an annual mean discharge of 2,290 m3/s.
The annual mean discharge of the Rhine is equivalent to 81,000 cu ft/s.
The Rhine has an average width of 400 m.
The average width of the Rhine is equivalent to 1,300 ft.
The Middle Rhine flows between Bingen and Bonn.
The Middle Rhine flows through the Rhine Gorge.
The Rhine Gorge is a formation.
The Rhine Gorge was created by erosion.
The rate of erosion equaled the uplift in the region.
The river was left at about its original level.
The surrounding lands were raised.
The gorge is quite deep.
The gorge is the stretch of the river.
The stretch of the river is known for its many castles.
The stretch of the river is known for its many vineyards.
The site is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The site was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2002.
The site is known as 'the Romantic Rhine'.
The site has more than 40 castles and fortresses from the Middle Ages.
The site has many quaint and lovely country villages.
Until the early 1980s, industry was a major source of water pollution.
Many plants and factories can be found along the Rhine.
Many plants and factories can be found along the Rhine up into Switzerland.
The bulk of the plants and factories are concentrated along the Lower Rhine.
The Lower Rhine passes the major city of Cologne.
The Lower Rhine passes the major city of Düsseldorf.
The Lower Rhine passes the major city of Duisburg.
Duisburg is the home of Europe's largest inland port.
Duisburg functions as a hub to the sea ports of Rotterdam.
Duisburg functions as a hub to the sea ports of Antwerp.
Duisburg functions as a hub to the sea ports of Amsterdam.
The Ruhr is a river.
The Ruhr joins the Rhine in Duisburg.
The Ruhr is nowadays a clean river.
The cleanliness of the Ruhr is thanks to a combination of stricter environmental controls.
The cleanliness of the Ruhr is thanks to a transition from heavy industry to light industry.
The cleanliness of the Ruhr is thanks to cleanup measures.
The cleanup measures include the reforestation of Slag and brownfields.
The Ruhr currently provides drinking water.
The Ruhr is located in a region.
The contribution to the Rhine is 70 cubic meters per second.
The contribution to the Rhine is equivalent to 2,500 cubic feet per second.
Other rivers in the Ruhr Area carry a considerable degree of pollution.
The Emscher is one of the other rivers in the Ruhr Area.
The dominant economic sector in the Middle Rhine area is viniculture.
The dominant economic sector in the Middle Rhine area is tourism.
The Rhine Gorge is located between Rüdesheim am Rhein and Koblenz.
The Rhine Gorge is listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The Rhine flows around the famous rock Lorelei.
Sankt Goarshausen is near the location where the Rhine flows around the famous rock Lorelei.
The Middle Rhine Valley has outstanding architectural monuments.
The slopes of the Middle Rhine Valley are full of vines.
Settlements are crowded on the narrow river banks of the Middle Rhine Valley.
Scores of castles are lined up along the top of the steep slopes of the Middle Rhine Valley.
The Middle Rhine Valley can be considered the epitome of Rhine romanticism.
The Lower Rhine is a river.
The Lower Rhine flows through North Rhine-Westphalia.
North Rhine-Westphalia is a federal state in Germany.
The banks are usually heavily populated.
The banks are usually industrialized.
Cologne is an agglomeration.
Düsseldorf is an agglomeration.
The Ruhr area is an agglomeration.
The Rhine flows through the largest conurbation in Germany.
The largest conurbation in Germany is the Rhine-Ruhr region.
One of the most important cities in this region is Duisburg.
Duisburg has the largest river port in Europe.
The largest river port in Europe is Duisport.
The region downstream of Duisburg is more agricultural.
Wesel is located 30 km downstream of Duisburg.
The western end of the second east-west shipping route is located in Wesel.
The second east-west shipping route is the Wesel-Datteln Canal.
The Wesel-Datteln Canal runs parallel to the Lippe.
The Emmerich Rhine Bridge crosses the 400 m wide river between Emmerich and Cleves.
The Emmerich Rhine Bridge is the longest suspension bridge in Germany.
The river crosses the Uerdingen line near Krefeld.
The Uerdingen line is the line which separates the areas where Low German is spoken.
The Uerdingen line is the line which separates the areas where High German is spoken.
The situation becomes more complicated from this point.
The Dutch name Rijn no longer coincides with the main flow of water.
Two thirds of the water flow volume of the Rhine flows farther west.
The water flow of the Rhine flows through the Waal.
The water flow of the Rhine then flows via the Merwede.
The water flow of the Rhine then flows via the Nieuwe Merwede.
The Nieuwe Merwede is located in De Biesbosch.
The water flow of the Rhine merges with the Meuse.
The water flow of the Rhine flows through the Hollands Diep estuary.
The water flow of the Rhine flows through the Haringvliet estuary.
The water flow of the Rhine flows into the North Sea.
The Beneden Merwede branches off near Hardinxveld-Giessendam.
The Beneden Merwede continues as the Noord.
The Noord joins the Lek near the village of Kinderdijk.
The joining of the Noord and the Lek forms the Nieuwe Maas.
The Nieuwe Maas flows past Rotterdam.
The Nieuwe Maas continues via Het Scheur.
The Nieuwe Maas continues via the Nieuwe Waterweg.
The Nieuwe Waterweg leads to the North Sea.
The Oude Maas branches off near Dordrecht.
The Oude Maas rejoins the Nieuwe Maas farther down.
The rejoining of the Oude Maas and the Nieuwe Maas forms Het Scheur.
One third of the water flows through the Pannerdens Kanaal.
The water that flows through the Pannerdens Kanaal redistributes in the IJssel.
The water that flows through the Pannerdens Kanaal redistributes in the Nederrijn.
The IJssel branch carries one ninth of the water flow of the Rhine north into the IJsselmeer.
The IJsselmeer is a former bay.
The Nederrijn carries approximately two ninths of the flow west.
The route of the Nederrijn is parallel to the Waal.
At Wijk bij Duurstede, the Nederrijn changes its name.
The Nederrijn becomes the Lek at Wijk bij Duurstede.
The water flows farther west.
The water rejoins the Noord River.
The Noord River flows into the Nieuwe Maas.
The Nieuwe Maas flows into the North Sea.
The name Rijn is used only for smaller streams farther to the north.
The smaller streams farther to the north together formed the main river Rhine in Roman times.
These streams retained the name.
These streams no longer carry water from the Rhine.
These streams are used for draining the surrounding land.
These streams are used for draining the polders.
From Wijk bij Duurstede, the old north branch of the Rhine is called Kromme Rijn.
Kromme Rijn is also known as 'Bent Rhine'.
Kromme Rijn flows past Utrecht.
The next section of the Rhine is called Leidse Rijn.
Leidse Rijn is also known as 'Rhine of Leiden'.
The following section of the Rhine is called Oude Rijn.
Oude Rijn is also known as 'Old Rhine'.
The latter flows west into a sluice at Katwijk.
The sluice is located at Katwijk.
The waters of the latter can be discharged into the North Sea.
This branch once formed a line.
The line was along which the Limes Germanicus were built.
During periods of lower sea levels within the various ice ages, the Rhine took a left turn.
The left turn of the Rhine created the Channel River.
The course of the Channel River now lies below the English Channel.
The Rhine-Meuse Delta is the most important natural region of the Netherlands.
The Rhine-Meuse Delta begins near Millingen aan de Rijn.
Millingen aan de Rijn is close to the Dutch-German border.
The Rhine divides into Waal and Nederrijn.
The Rhine contributes most of the water.
The shorter term Rhine Delta is commonly used.
The name is also used for the river delta where the Rhine flows into Lake Constance.
It is clearer to call the larger delta the Rhine-Meuse delta.
It is even clearer to call the larger delta the Rhine–Meuse–Scheldt delta.
The Scheldt ends in the same delta.
The shape of the Rhine delta is determined by two bifurcations.
The first bifurcation occurs at Millingen aan de Rijn.
At Millingen aan de Rijn, the Rhine splits into Waal and Pannerdens Kanaal.
Pannerdens Kanaal changes its name to Nederrijn at Angeren.
The second bifurcation occurs near Arnhem.
At the second bifurcation, the IJssel branches off from the Nederrijn.
This creates three main flows.
Two of the main flows change names rather often.
The largest main branch begins as Waal.
The largest main branch continues as Boven Merwede.
Boven Merwede is also known as Upper Merwede.
The largest main branch continues as Beneden Merwede.
Beneden Merwede is also known as Lower Merwede.
The largest main branch continues as Noord River.
Noord River is also known as North River.
The largest main branch continues as Nieuwe Maas.
Nieuwe Maas is also known as New Meuse.
The largest main branch continues as Het Scheur.
Het Scheur is also known as the Rip.
The largest main branch continues as Nieuwe Waterweg.
Nieuwe Waterweg is also known as New Waterway.
The middle flow begins as Nederrijn.
The middle flow then changes into Lek.
The Lek then joins the Noord.
The joining of the Lek and the Noord forms Nieuwe Maas.
The northern flow keeps the name IJssel.
The northern flow flows into Lake IJsselmeer.
Three more flows carry significant amounts of water.
The Nieuwe Merwede is also known as 'New Merwede'.
The Nieuwe Merwede branches off from the southern branch.
The southern branch changes from Boven Merwede to Beneden Merwede.
The Oude Maas is also known as 'Old Meuse'.
The Oude Maas branches off from the southern branch.
The southern branch changes from Beneden Merwede into Noord.
Dordtse Kil branches off from Oude Maas.
Elizabeth's flood occurred in 1421.
The Meuse flowed just south of today's line Merwede-Oude Maas to the North Sea.
The Meuse formed an archipelago-like estuary with Waal.
The Meuse formed an archipelago-like estuary with Lek.
This system consists of numerous bays.
This system consists of estuary-like extended rivers.
This system consists of many islands.
This system consists of constant changes of the coastline.
The system is hard to imagine today.
From 1421 to 1904, the Meuse and Waal merged further upstream at Gorinchem.
The merger of the Meuse and Waal formed the Merwede.
The Meuse was separated from the Waal for flood protection reasons.
The Meuse was diverted into a new outlet called 'Bergse Maas'.
The Meuse then flows into Amer.
The Meuse then flows into the former bay Hollands Diep.
The hydrography of the current delta is characterized by the delta's main arms.
The hydrography of the current delta is characterized by disconnected arms.
Hollandse IJssel is one of the disconnected arms of the delta.
Linge is one of the disconnected arms of the delta.
Vecht is one of the disconnected arms of the delta.
There are smaller rivers.
There are streams.
Many rivers have been closed.
Many rivers have been dammed.
Many rivers now serve as drainage channels for the numerous polders.
The construction of Delta Works changed the Delta in the second half of the 20th Century.
The Delta Works is a series of construction projects.
Currently, Rhine water runs into the sea in five places.
Currently, Rhine water runs into former marine bays now separated from the sea in five places.
The five places where Rhine water runs into the sea or into former marine bays are the mouths of the Nieuwe Merwede, Nieuwe Waterway, Dordtse Kil, Spui, and IJssel.
The Nieuwe Waterway is also known as the Nieuwe Maas.
The Rhine-Meuse Delta is a tidal delta.
The Rhine-Meuse Delta is shaped by the sedimentation of the rivers.
The Rhine-Meuse Delta is shaped by tidal currents.
High tide formed a serious risk.
Strong tidal currents could tear huge areas of land into the sea.
Before the construction of the Delta Works, tidal influence was palpable up to Nijmegen.
Even today, after the regulatory action of the Delta Works, the tide acts far inland.
The most landward tidal influence can be detected at the Waal.
The most landward tidal influence can be detected between Brakel and Zaltbommel.
The stage was set in southern Europe during the Triassic Period of the Mesozoic Era.
The Tethys Ocean opened between the Eurasian tectonic plate and the African tectonic plate.
The opening of the Tethys Ocean occurred between about 240 million years before present and 220 million years before present.
The present Mediterranean Sea descends from the Tethys sea.
The Tethys sea was somewhat larger than the present Mediterranean Sea.
At about 180 million years before present, the event occurred in the Jurassic Period.
The two tectonic plates reversed direction.
The two tectonic plates began to compress the Tethys floor.
The compression of the Tethys floor caused it to be subducted under Eurasia.
The compression of the Tethys floor pushed up the edge of the Eurasian plate.
The pushing up of the edge of the Eurasian plate occurred during the Alpine Orogeny.
The Alpine Orogeny took place in the Oligocene and Miocene Periods.
Several microplates were caught in the squeeze.
Several microplates were rotated.
Several microplates were pushed laterally.
The rotation and lateral movement of the microplates generated the individual features of Mediterranean geography.
Iberia pushed up the Pyrenees.
Italy pushed up the Alps.
Anatolia moved west.
Anatolia contributed to the formation of the mountains of Greece.
Anatolia contributed to the formation of the islands.
The compression continues today.
The orogeny continues today.
The ongoing raising of the mountains occurs a small amount each year.
The active volcanoes are present.
The ongoing Alpine orogeny began from the Eocene onwards.
The ongoing Alpine orogeny caused a N–S rift system to develop in this zone.
The main elements of the rift are the Upper Rhine Graben.
The Upper Rhine Graben is located in southwest Germany and eastern France.
The main elements of the rift are the Lower Rhine Embayment.
The Lower Rhine Embayment is located in northwest Germany and the southeastern Netherlands.
By the time of the Miocene, a river system had developed in the Upper Rhine Graben.
The river system continued northward.
The river system is considered the first Rhine river.
At that time, the entity did not yet carry discharge from the Alps.
The watersheds of the Rhone drained the northern flanks of the Alps.
The watersheds of the Danube drained the northern flanks of the Alps.
The Rhine extended its watershed southward through stream capture.
By the Pliocene period, the Rhine had captured streams.
The streams captured by the Rhine included the Mosel.
The streams captured by the Rhine included the Main.
The streams captured by the Rhine included the Neckar.
The Vosges Mountains are a geographical feature.
The northern Alps were drained by the Rhone.
By the early Pleistocene period, the Rhine had captured most of its current Alpine watershed.
The current Alpine watershed of the Rhine includes the Rhône.
The current Alpine watershed of the Rhine includes the Aar.
Since that time, the Rhine has added the watershed above Lake Constance.
The watershed above Lake Constance includes Vorderrhein.
The watershed above Lake Constance includes Hinterrhein.
The watershed above Lake Constance includes Alpenrhein.
The Vorderrhein, Hinterrhein, and Alpenrhein were captured from the Rhône.
The Rhine has added the upper reaches of the Main.
The upper reaches of the Main are located beyond Schweinfurt.
The Rhine has added the Vosges Mountains.
The Vosges Mountains were captured from the Meuse.
The phrase 'Around 2' refers to a time that is approximately 2 o'clock.
5 million years ago marked the beginning of the geological period of the Ice Ages.
The geological period of the Ice Ages ended 11,600 years ago.
Approximately 600,000 years ago, six major Ice Ages occurred.
During the Ice Ages, sea level dropped 120 meters.
120 meters is equivalent to 390 feet.
Much of the continental margins became exposed during the Ice Ages.
In the Early Pleistocene, the Rhine followed a course to the northwest.
The course of the Rhine went through the present North Sea.
During the Anglian glaciation, the northern part of the present North Sea was blocked by ice.
The Anglian glaciation occurred approximately 450,000 years before the present.
The Anglian glaciation corresponds to marine oxygen isotope stage 12.
A large lake developed in the northern part of the present North Sea.
The large lake overflowed through the English Channel.
The Rhine's course was diverted through the English Channel.
The diversion of the Rhine's course was caused by an unspecified event.
During glacial times, the river mouth was located offshore of Brest.
Brest is a city in France.
Rivers like the Thames became tributaries to the Rhine.
Rivers like the Seine became tributaries to the Rhine.
During interglacials, sea level rose to approximately the present level.
The Rhine built deltas during interglacials.
The deltas built by the Rhine are located in what is now the Netherlands.
The last glacial ran from approximately 74,000 years before present.
The last glacial lasted until the end of the Pleistocene.
The end of the Pleistocene occurred approximately 11,600 years before present.
In northwest Europe, there were two very cold phases.
The first very cold phase peaked around 70,000 BP.
The second very cold phase peaked around 29,000–24,000 BP.
The last phase slightly predates the global last ice age maximum.
The global last ice age maximum is referred to as the Last Glacial Maximum.
During this time, the lower Rhine flowed roughly west through the Netherlands.
The lower Rhine extended to the southwest through the English Channel.
The lower Rhine finally flowed to the Atlantic Ocean.
The English Channel was dry land.
The Irish Channel was dry land.
Most of the North Sea was dry land.
The reason the English Channel, the Irish Channel, and most of the North Sea were dry land is that sea level was approximately 120 m lower than today.
Sea level was approximately 390 ft lower than today.
Most of the Rhine's current course was not under the ice during the last Ice Age.
The source of the Rhine must still have been a glacier.
A tundra stretched across middle Europe.
The tundra extended from Asia to the Atlantic Ocean.
The tundra contained Ice Age flora.
The tundra contained Ice Age fauna.
The Last Glacial Maximum occurred.
The Last Glacial Maximum took place around a specific time period.
22,000–14,000 years before present is a time period.
During the time period of 22,000–14,000 years before present, ice-sheets covered Scandinavia.
During the time period of 22,000–14,000 years before present, ice-sheets covered the Baltics.
During the time period of 22,000–14,000 years before present, ice-sheets covered Scotland.
During the time period of 22,000–14,000 years before present, ice-sheets covered the Alps.
During the time period of 22,000–14,000 years before present, the space between the ice-sheets was left as open tundra.
The loess is wind-blown dust.
The loess settled in and around the Rhine Valley.
The loess contributed to the current agricultural usefulness of the Rhine Valley.
Northwest Europe began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward.
Frozen subsoil began to thaw in northwest Europe.
Expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw in northwest Europe.
Fall-winter snow covers melted in spring in northwest Europe.
Much of the discharge was routed to the Rhine.
The Rhine has a downstream extension.
Rapid warming began about 13,000 years before present.
Changes of vegetation began about 13,000 years before present.
The changes of vegetation included the transition to open forest.
By 9000 BP, Europe was fully forested.
Globally shrinking ice-cover is occurring.
Ocean water levels rose.
The English Channel was re-inundated.
The North Sea was re-inundated.
Meltwater added to the ocean.
Land subsidence occurred.
Meltwater and land subsidence drowned the former coasts of Europe transgressionally.
A situation with tides and currents has existed since 7500 years ago.
The situation with tides and currents is very similar to the present.
Rates of sea-level rise had dropped significantly.
Natural sedimentation by the Rhine could compensate for the transgression by the sea.
Coastal processes could also compensate for the transgression by the sea.
In the last 7000 years, the coastline was roughly at the same location.
In the southern North Sea, ongoing tectonic subsidence is occurring.
Due to ongoing tectonic subsidence, the sea level is still rising in the southern North Sea.
The sea level is rising at the rate of about 1–3 cm.
39 minus 1 is a mathematical expression.
The result of 39 minus 1 is 38.
The measurement is 18 inches per century.
1 metre is equivalent to 39 inches.
The time frame is the last 3000 years.
At the beginning of the Holocene, the Rhine occupied its Late-Glacial valley.
The Holocene began approximately 11,700 years ago.
The river is meandering.
The river reworked its ice-age braidplain.
Sea-level continued to rise in the Netherlands.
The formation of the Holocene Rhine-Meuse delta began approximately 8,000 years ago.
Coeval absolute sea-level rise has strongly influenced delta evolution.
Tectonic subsidence has strongly influenced delta evolution.
Other factors of importance to the shape of the delta include local tectonic activities.
The local tectonic activities are associated with the Peel Boundary Fault.
The substrate and geomorphology are inherited from the Last Glacial period.
Coastal-marine dynamics are also important to the shape of the delta.
Coastal-marine dynamics include barrier formations.
Coastal-marine dynamics include tidal inlet formations.
Human impact is seen in the delta since approximately 3000 years Before Present.
Increasing land clearance occurred as a result of Bronze Age agriculture.
The upland areas are located in central Germany.
The sediment load of the Rhine has strongly increased.
Delta growth has sped up.
Increased flooding occurred.
Increased sedimentation occurred.
Increased flooding and increased sedimentation caused the ending of peat formation in the delta.
The shifting of river channels to new locations occurs on the floodplain.
The shifting of river channels to new locations is termed avulsion.
Avulsion was the main process distributing sediment across the subrecent delta.
Over the past 6000 years, approximately 80 avulsions have occurred.
An avulsion is a geological event.
Direct human impact in the delta started with peat mining.
Peat mining was conducted for salt.
Peat mining was conducted for fuel.
Peat mining began from Roman times onward.
Embankment of the major distributaries took place in the 11–13th century AD.
Damming of minor distributaries took place in the 11–13th century AD.
Canals were dug.
Bends were short cut.
Groynes were built.
The purpose of digging canals, short cutting bends, and building groynes was to prevent the river's channels from migrating.
The purpose of digging canals, short cutting bends, and building groynes was to prevent the river's channels from silting up.
The branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge to the North Sea.
The branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge through the former Meuse estuary.
The former Meuse estuary is located near Rotterdam.
The river IJssel branch flows to the north.
The river IJssel branch enters the IJsselmeer.
The IJsselmeer was formerly the Zuider Zee brackish lagoon.
Since 1932, the IJsselmeer has been a freshwater lake.
The discharge of the Rhine is divided among three branches.
The three branches of the Rhine are the River Waal, the River Nederrijn – Lek, and the River IJssel.
The River Waal accounts for 6/9 of the total discharge of the Rhine.
The River Nederrijn – Lek accounts for 2/9 of the total discharge of the Rhine.
The River IJssel accounts for 1/9 of the total discharge of the Rhine.
The discharge distribution has been maintained since 1709.
The maintenance of the discharge distribution has been achieved by river engineering works.
The river engineering works include the digging of the Pannerdens canal.
The maintenance of the discharge distribution has been supported since the 20th century.
The support for the maintenance of the discharge distribution has come from weirs in the Nederrijn river.
The Rhine was not known to Herodotus.
The Rhine first enters the historical period in the 1st century BC.
The 1st century BC is associated with Roman-era geography.
At that time, the boundary existed between Gaul and Germania.
Gaul was a historical region in Western Europe.
Germania was a historical region in Central Europe.
The Upper Rhine had been part of the areal of the late Hallstatt culture since the 6th century BC.
By the 1st century BC, the areal of the La Tène culture covered almost the entire length of the Upper Rhine.
The areal of the La Tène culture formed a contact zone with the Jastorf culture.
The locus of early Celtic-Germanic cultural contact refers to a specific location.
The term 'Celtic-Germanic' describes a cultural interaction between Celtic and Germanic peoples.
The cultural contact occurred in the early historical period.
In Roman geography, the Rhine formed the boundary between Gallia and Germania by definition.
Gallia is a historical region in Western Europe.
Germania is a historical region in Central Europe.
Maurus Servius Honoratus wrote a commentary on the Aeneid of Vergil.
The Aeneid is a work by Vergil.
The Rhine is a river of Gaul.
The Rhine divides the Germanic people from Gaul.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
The death of Augustus occurred in AD 14.
Rome accepted the water-boundary of the Rhine and upper Danube as her Germanic frontier from the death of Augustus until after AD 70.
Beyond these rivers, she held only the fertile plain of Frankfurt.
The fertile plain of Frankfurt is opposite the Roman border fortress of Moguntiacum.
Moguntiacum is also known as Mainz.
She held the southernmost slopes of the Black Forest.
She held a few scattered bridge-heads.
The northern section of the frontier remained the Roman boundary until the Roman Empire fell.
The Rhine is deep and broad in the northern section of the frontier.
The southern part was different.
The upper Rhine is easily crossed.
The upper Danube is easily crossed.
The frontier which the entities form is inconveniently long.
The frontier encloses an acute-angled wedge of foreign territory.
The foreign territory is located between modern Baden and modern Württemberg.
The Germanic populations of these lands seem to have been scanty in Roman times.
Roman subjects from the modern Alsace-Lorraine had drifted across the river eastwards.
The Romans kept eight legions along the Rhine.
The Romans kept the eight legions in five bases.
The five bases were located along the Rhine.
The actual number of legions present at any base depended on whether a state of war existed.
The actual number of legions present at any base depended on whether a threat of war existed.
The actual number of legions present in all depended on whether a state of war existed.
The actual number of legions present in all depended on whether a threat of war existed.
Between about AD 14 and 180, the assignment of legions occurred.
For the army of Germania Inferior, two legions were stationed at Vetera.
Vetera is located in Xanten.
The two legions stationed at Vetera were I Germanica and XX Valeria.
XX Valeria consisted of Pannonian troops.
Two legions were stationed at oppidum Ubiorum.
Oppidum Ubiorum is also known as the town of the Ubii.
Oppidum Ubiorum was renamed to Colonia Agrippina.
Colonia Agrippina is located descending to Cologne.
One of the legions stationed at Colonia Agrippina was V Alaudae.
V Alaudae was a Celtic legion recruited from Gallia Narbonensis.
The other legion stationed at Colonia Agrippina was XXI.
Legion XXI was possibly a Galatian legion from the other side of the empire.
Germanic tribes crossed the Rhine in the Migration period.
By the 5th century, Germanic tribes established the kingdom of Francia on the Lower Rhine.
By the 5th century, Germanic tribes established the kingdom of Burgundy on the Upper Rhine.
By the 5th century, Germanic tribes established the kingdom of Alemannia on the High Rhine.
The Germanic Heroic Age is reflected in medieval legend.
The Nibelungenlied is a medieval legend.
The Nibelungenlied tells of the hero Siegfried killing a dragon.
The dragon is located on the Drachenfels.
The Drachenfels is part of the Siebengebirge.
The Drachenfels is near Bonn at the Rhine.
The Nibelungenlied tells of the Burgundians and their court at Worms.
Worms is located at the Rhine.
The Nibelungenlied tells of Kriemhild's golden treasure.
Hagen threw Kriemhild's golden treasure into the Rhine.
By the 6th century, the Rhine was within the borders of Francia.
In the 9th century, the entity formed part of the border between Middle Francia and Western Francia.
In the 10th century, the entity was fully within the Holy Roman Empire.
The entity flowed through Swabia.
The entity flowed through Franconia.
The entity flowed through Lower Lorraine.
The mouths of the Rhine fell to the Burgundian Netherlands in the 15th century.
The county of Holland is the location of the mouths of the Rhine.
Holland remained contentious territory throughout the European wars of religion.
Holland remained contentious territory during the eventual collapse of the Holy Roman Empire.
The length of the Rhine fell to the First French Empire and its client states.
The Alsace is located on the left banks of the Upper Rhine.
The Alsace was sold to Burgundy by Archduke Sigismund of Austria in 1469.
Archduke Sigismund of Austria was a member of the House of Habsburg.
The Alsace eventually fell to France in the Thirty Years' War.
The numerous historic castles are located in Rhineland-Palatinate.
The numerous historic castles attest to the importance of the river as a commercial route.
The river is important as a commercial route.
The Peace of Westphalia occurred.
The Upper Rhine formed a contentious border between France and Germany after the Peace of Westphalia.
Establishing natural borders on the Rhine was a long-term goal of French foreign policy.
The goal of establishing natural borders on the Rhine has existed since the Middle Ages.
The language border is far more to the west than the Rhine.
French leaders tried to annex lands west of the Rhine.
Louis XIV was a French leader.
Napoleon Bonaparte was a French leader.
French leaders had varying degrees of success in their attempts to annex lands west of the Rhine.
The Confederation of the Rhine was established by Napoleon in 1806.
The Confederation of the Rhine was a French client state.
The Confederation of the Rhine lasted until 1814.
The Confederation of the Rhine served as a significant source of resources for the First French Empire.
The Confederation of the Rhine served as a significant source of military manpower for the First French Empire.
In 1840, the Rhine crisis occurred.
The Rhine crisis was prompted by Adolphe Thiers's desire to reinstate the Rhine as a natural border.
Adolphe Thiers was the French prime minister.
The Rhine crisis led to a diplomatic crisis in Germany.
The Rhine crisis led to a wave of nationalism in Germany.
At the end of World War I, the Rhineland was subject to the Treaty of Versailles.
World War I was a global conflict that lasted from 1914 to 1918.
The Treaty of Versailles was a peace treaty that officially ended World War I.
This decree stated that the area would be occupied by the allies until 1935.
After 1935, the area would be a demilitarised zone.
The German army was forbidden to enter the demilitarised zone.
The Treaty of Versailles caused much resentment in Germany.
The particular provision of the Treaty of Versailles is often cited as helping Adolf Hitler's rise to power.
Adolf Hitler was a political leader in Germany.
The allies left the Rhineland in 1930.
The German army re-occupied the Rhineland in 1936.
The re-occupation of the Rhineland was enormously popular in Germany.
The allies could probably have prevented the re-occupation.
Britain was not inclined to prevent the re-occupation.
France was not inclined to prevent the re-occupation.
The lack of inclination to prevent the re-occupation was a feature of the policy of appeasement to Adolf Hitler.
In World War II, the Rhine was recognised as a formidable natural obstacle to the invasion of Germany.
The Western Allies were involved in the invasion of Germany.
The Rhine bridge at Arnhem was immortalized in the book, A Bridge Too Far.
The Rhine bridge at Arnhem was also immortalized in the film.
The Rhine bridge at Arnhem was a central focus of the battle for Arnhem.
The battle for Arnhem occurred during the failed Operation Market Garden.
Operation Market Garden took place in September 1944.
The bridges at Nijmegen were an objective of Operation Market Garden.
The bridges at Nijmegen are located over the Waal distributary of the Rhine.
The Ludendorff Bridge crossed the Rhine at Remagen.
The Ludendorff Bridge became famous in a separate operation.
U is a reference to an unspecified entity.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
Forces were able to capture the object intact.
The ability of the forces to capture the object intact was much to their own surprise.
The Germans failed to demolish the object.
The subject of a film became the topic of discussion.
The film is titled The Bridge at Remagen.
Seven Days to the River Rhine was a war plan.
Seven Days to the River Rhine was a Warsaw Pact war plan.
The war plan was for an invasion of Western Europe.
The war plan was created during the Cold War.
Until 1932, the generally accepted length of the Rhine was 1,230 kilometres.
The length of the Rhine was also 764 miles.
In 1932, the German encyclopedia Knaurs Lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres.
1,320 kilometres is equivalent to 820 miles.
The statement in Knaurs Lexikon is presumably a typographical error.
A number was placed into the authoritative Brockhaus Enzyklopädie.
The number became generally accepted after being placed into the authoritative Brockhaus Enzyklopädie.
The number found its way into numerous textbooks and official publications.
The error was discovered in 2010.
The Dutch Rijkswaterstaat confirms the length.
The length is 1,232 kilometres.
The length is 766 miles.
A referendum took place in 1997.
The Scottish electorate voted for devolution in the referendum.
The current Parliament was convened by the Scotland Act 1998.
The Scotland Act 1998 sets out the powers of the current Parliament.
The current Parliament is a devolved legislature.
The Act delineates the legislative competence of the Parliament.
The legislative competence of the Parliament refers to the areas in which the Parliament can make laws.
The Act explicitly specifies powers that are reserved to the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The powers that are reserved to the Parliament of the United Kingdom are explicitly specified by the Act.
The Scottish Parliament has the power to legislate.
The areas that are not explicitly reserved to Westminster are within the legislative power of the Scottish Parliament.
The British Parliament retains the ability to amend the terms of reference of the Scottish Parliament.
The British Parliament can extend the areas in which the Scottish Parliament can make laws.
The British Parliament can reduce the areas in which the Scottish Parliament can make laws.
The first meeting of the new Parliament took place on 12 May 1999.
For the next three hundred years, Scotland was directly governed by the Parliament of Great Britain.
The Parliament of Great Britain was seated at Westminster.
For the next three hundred years, Scotland was directly governed by the subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom was seated at Westminster.
The lack of a Parliament of Scotland remained an important element in Scottish national identity.
Suggestions for a 'devolved' Parliament were made before 1914.
The suggestions for a 'devolved' Parliament were shelved due to the outbreak of the First World War.
The First World War was an event that caused the shelving of the suggestions for a 'devolved' Parliament.
A sharp rise in nationalism occurred in Scotland during the late 1960s.
The sharp rise in nationalism in Scotland fuelled demands for some form of home rule or complete independence.
In 1969, the sharp rise in nationalism prompted the incumbent Labour government of Harold Wilson to set up the Kilbrandon Commission.
The Kilbrandon Commission was set up to consider the British constitution.
Harold Wilson was the incumbent Prime Minister of the Labour government.
One of the principal objectives of the commission was to examine ways of enabling more self-government for Scotland.
Scotland is part of the unitary state of the United Kingdom.
Kilbrandon published his report in 1973.
Kilbrandon recommended the establishment of a directly elected Scottish Assembly.
The directly elected Scottish Assembly would legislate for the majority of domestic Scottish affairs.
The discovery of oil occurred in the North Sea during this time.
The Scottish National Party (SNP) launched the 'It's Scotland's oil' campaign.
The 'It's Scotland's oil' campaign resulted in rising support for Scottish independence.
The 'It's Scotland's oil' campaign resulted in rising support for the Scottish National Party (SNP).
The party argued that the revenues from the oil were not benefitting Scotland.
The revenues from the oil were not benefitting Scotland as much as they should.
The combined effect of these events led to Prime Minister Wilson committing his government to some form of devolved legislature in 1974.
Prime Minister Wilson was the Prime Minister during the events in 1974.
Final legislative proposals for a Scottish Assembly were passed by the United Kingdom Parliament in 1978.
The passing of final legislative proposals for a Scottish Assembly occurred after a period of time.
The Scotland Act 1978 established terms for an elected assembly.
An elected assembly would be set up in Edinburgh.
The establishment of the elected assembly was contingent upon the majority of the Scottish electorate voting for it.
A referendum was to be held on 1 March 1979.
The referendum needed to represent at least 40% of the total electorate.
The 1979 Scottish devolution referendum aimed to establish a devolved Scottish Assembly.
The 1979 Scottish devolution referendum failed.
The vote was 51.
6% of the total electorate was in favour of a Scottish Assembly.
The figure of 6% did not equal the 40% threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure.
The 40% threshold was based on the total electorate.
9% of the eligible voting population did not vote.
9% of the eligible voting population had been unable to vote.
Throughout the 1980s, demand for a Scottish Parliament grew.
Throughout the 1990s, demand for a Scottish Parliament grew.
The government of the United Kingdom was controlled by the Conservative Party during the 1980s and 1990s.
Scotland elected relatively few Conservative Members of Parliament during the 1980s and 1990s.
The Campaign for a Scottish Assembly was initiated as a pressure group in the aftermath of the 1979 referendum defeat.
The Campaign for a Scottish Assembly led to the 1989 Scottish Constitutional Convention.
Various organisations took part in the 1989 Scottish Constitutional Convention.
Scottish churches were one of the various organisations that took part in the 1989 Scottish Constitutional Convention.
Political parties were one of the various organisations that took part in the 1989 Scottish Constitutional Convention.
Representatives of industry were one of the various organisations that took part in the 1989 Scottish Constitutional Convention.
The Convention published its blueprint for devolution in 1995.
The Convention provided much of the basis for the structure of the Parliament.
Since September 2004, the official home of the Scottish Parliament has been a new Scottish Parliament Building.
The new Scottish Parliament Building is located in the Holyrood area of Edinburgh.
The Scottish Parliament building was designed by Enric Miralles.
Enric Miralles was a Spanish architect.
Enric Miralles designed the Scottish Parliament building in partnership with RMJM.
RMJM is a local Edinburgh architecture firm.
Tony Kettle was the Design Principal of RMJM.
Some of the principal features of the complex include leaf-shaped buildings.
Some of the principal features of the complex include a grass-roofed branch merging into adjacent parkland.
Some of the principal features of the complex include gabion walls formed from the stones of previous buildings.
Throughout the building, there are many repeated motifs.
The repeated motifs include shapes based on Raeburn's Skating Minister.
Crow-stepped gables are a feature of the unique architecture.
The upturned boat skylights of the Garden Lobby are a feature of the unique architecture.
The crow-stepped gables and the upturned boat skylights of the Garden Lobby complete the unique architecture.
Queen Elizabeth II opened the new building.
The new building was opened on 9 October 2004.
The permanent building at Holyrood was being constructed.
The Parliament's temporary home was the General Assembly Hall of the Church of Scotland.
The General Assembly Hall of the Church of Scotland is located on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh.
Official photographs were held in the courtyard adjoining the Assembly Hall.
Television interviews were held in the courtyard adjoining the Assembly Hall.
The Assembly Hall is part of the School of Divinity of the University of Edinburgh.
The building was vacated twice.
The vacating of the building allowed for the meeting of the Church's General Assembly.
In May 2000, the Parliament was temporarily relocated to the former Strathclyde Regional Council debating chamber in Glasgow.
In May 2002, the Parliament was temporarily relocated to the University of Aberdeen.
The Parliament used buildings rented from the City of Edinburgh Council.
The General Assembly Hall is a building used by the Parliament.
The Parliament is an institution.
The former administrative building of Lothian Regional Council was located on George IV Bridge.
The former administrative building of Lothian Regional Council was used for the offices of Members of the Scottish Parliament.
The move to Holyrood occurred in 2004.
Following the move to Holyrood in 2004, this building was demolished.
The former Midlothian County Buildings faced Parliament Square, High Street, and George IV Bridge in Edinburgh.
The former Midlothian County Buildings were originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 Midlothian County Council.
The former Midlothian County Buildings housed the Parliament's visitors' centre and shop.
The main hall of the former Midlothian County Buildings was used as the Parliament's principal committee room.
After each election to the Scottish Parliament, Parliament elects one Member of the Scottish Parliament to serve as Presiding Officer.
The Presiding Officer is the equivalent of the speaker.
Tricia Marwick is the current Presiding Officer.
Parliament elects two Members of the Scottish Parliament to serve as deputies.
Elaine Smith is one of the current deputies.
John Scott is the other current deputy.
The Presiding Officer is elected by a secret ballot of the 129 Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
Deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
The secret ballot of the 129 Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs) is the only secret ballot conducted in the Scottish Parliament.
The role of the Presiding Officer is to chair chamber proceedings.
The Presiding Officer also chairs the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body.
The Presiding Officer must be politically impartial when chairing meetings of the Parliament.
The deputies of the Presiding Officer must be politically impartial when chairing meetings of the Parliament.
During debates, the Presiding Officer is assisted by the parliamentary clerks.
The deputy is also assisted by the parliamentary clerks.
The parliamentary clerks give advice on how to interpret the standing orders.
The standing orders govern the proceedings of meetings.
A vote clerk sits in front of the Presiding Officer.
The vote clerk operates the electronic voting equipment.
The vote clerk operates the chamber clocks.
The Presiding Officer is a member of the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body.
The Presiding Officer is responsible for ensuring that the Parliament functions effectively.
The Parliament requires staff, property, and resources to operate.
The Presiding Officer ensures that the Parliament has the staff it requires to operate.
The Presiding Officer ensures that the Parliament has the property it requires to operate.
The Presiding Officer ensures that the Parliament has the resources it requires to operate.
Convening the Parliamentary Bureau is one of the roles of the Presiding Officer.
The Parliamentary Bureau allocates time in the chamber.
The Parliamentary Bureau sets the work agenda in the chamber.
Under the Standing Orders of the Parliament, the Bureau consists of the Presiding Officer.
The Bureau consists of one representative from each political party with five or more seats in the Parliament.
Amongst the duties of the Bureau is to agree the timetable of business in the chamber.
Amongst the duties of the Bureau is to establish the number of parliamentary committees.
Amongst the duties of the Bureau is to establish the remit of parliamentary committees.
Amongst the duties of the Bureau is to establish the membership of parliamentary committees.
Amongst the duties of the Bureau is to regulate the passage of legislation through the Parliament.
Legislation refers to bills.
The Presiding Officer represents the Scottish Parliament at home.
The Presiding Officer represents the Scottish Parliament abroad.
The representation by the Presiding Officer is in an official capacity.
The debating chamber of the Scottish Parliament has seating arranged in a hemicycle.
The arrangement of seating in a hemicycle reflects the desire to encourage consensus amongst elected members.
There are 131 seats in the debating chamber.
The total number of seats is 131.
129 seats are occupied by the Parliament's elected Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
2 seats are for the Scottish Law Officers.
The Scottish Law Officers are the Lord Advocate and the Solicitor General for Scotland.
The Lord Advocate is not an elected member of the Parliament.
The Solicitor General for Scotland is not an elected member of the Parliament.
The Lord Advocate and the Solicitor General for Scotland are members of the Scottish Government.
The Law Officers may attend the plenary meetings of the Parliament.
The Law Officers may speak in the plenary meetings of the Parliament.
The Law Officers are not elected Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
The Law Officers cannot vote in the plenary meetings of the Parliament.
Members are able to sit anywhere in the debating chamber.
Members typically sit in their party groupings.
The First Minister sits in the front row.
Scottish cabinet ministers sit in the front row.
Law officers sit in the front row.
The front row is located in the middle section of the chamber.
The largest party in the Parliament sits in the middle of the semicircle.
Opposing parties sit on either side of the largest party in the Parliament.
The Presiding Officer sits opposite members at the front of the debating chamber.
Parliamentary clerks sit opposite members at the front of the debating chamber.
Officials sit opposite members at the front of the debating chamber.
In front of the Presiding Officers' desk is the parliamentary mace.
The parliamentary mace is made from silver.
The parliamentary mace is inlaid with gold panned from Scottish rivers.
The parliamentary mace is inscribed with the words: Wisdom, Compassion, Justice and Integrity.
The words 'There shall be a Scottish Parliament' are the first words of the Scotland Act.
The words 'There shall be a Scottish Parliament' are inscribed around the head of the mace.
The mace has a formal ceremonial role in the meetings of Parliament.
The mace reinforces the authority of the Parliament in its ability to make laws.
The mace was presented to the Scottish Parliament by the Queen upon its official opening in July 1999.
The mace is displayed in a glass case.
The glass case is suspended from the lid.
At the beginning of each sitting in the chamber, the lid of the case is rotated.
The lid of the case is rotated so that the mace is above the glass.
The rotation of the lid of the case symbolizes that a full meeting of the Parliament is taking place.
Parliament typically sits on Tuesdays.
Parliament typically sits on Wednesdays.
Parliament typically sits on Thursdays.
Parliament typically sits from early January to late June.
Parliament typically sits from early September to mid December.
Parliament has two-week recesses in April.
Parliament has two-week recesses in October.
Plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on Wednesday afternoons.
Plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place from 2 pm to 6 pm on Wednesday afternoons.
Plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on Thursdays.
Plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place from 9:15 am to 6 pm on Thursdays.
Chamber debates are open to the public.
Committee meetings are open to the public.
Entry is free.
Booking in advance is recommended.
Booking in advance is recommended due to limited space.
Meetings are broadcast on the Parliament's own channel.
The name of the channel is Holyrood.
TV is a medium for broadcasting content.
BBC Parliament is a parliamentary channel.
BBC Parliament is part of the BBC.
Proceedings are recorded in text form.
Proceedings are recorded in print.
Proceedings are recorded online.
The Official Report is the source where proceedings are recorded.
The Official Report is a substantially verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates.
The first item of business on Wednesdays is usually Time for Reflection.
Time for Reflection is an event.
At Time for Reflection, a speaker addresses members for up to four minutes.
The speaker shares a perspective on issues of faith.
The formal style of 'Prayers' contrasts with another style.
'Prayers' is the first item of business in meetings of the House of Commons.
Speakers are drawn from across Scotland.
Speakers are chosen to represent the balance of religious beliefs.
The balance of religious beliefs is determined according to the Scottish census.
Invitations to address Parliament in this manner are determined by the Presiding Officer.
The Presiding Officer acts on the advice of the parliamentary bureau.
Faith groups can make direct representations to the Presiding Officer.
The purpose of the direct representations is to nominate speakers.
The Presiding Officer decides who speaks in chamber debates.
The Deputy Presiding Officer decides who speaks in chamber debates.
The Presiding Officer decides the amount of time for which speakers are allowed to speak.
The Deputy Presiding Officer decides the amount of time for which speakers are allowed to speak.
The Presiding Officer normally tries to achieve a balance between different viewpoints.
The Presiding Officer normally tries to achieve a balance between different political parties.
The Presiding Officer selects members to speak.
Typically, ministers open debates.
Typically, party leaders open debates.
Opening speakers are given between 5 and 20 minutes.
Succeeding speakers are allocated less time.
The Presiding Officer can reduce speaking time.
A large number of members may wish to participate in the debate.
Debate is more informal than in some parliamentary systems.
Some parliamentary systems have a more formal debate.
Members may call each other directly by name.
Members may not call each other by constituency or cabinet position.
Hand clapping is allowed.
Speeches to the chamber are normally delivered in English.
Members may use Scots with the agreement of the Presiding Officer.
Members may use Gaelic with the agreement of the Presiding Officer.
Members may use any other language with the agreement of the Presiding Officer.
The Scottish Parliament has conducted debates.
The debates were conducted in the Gaelic language.
Each sitting day, MSPs decide on all the motions and amendments.
The decision by MSPs normally occurs at 5 pm.
Motions and amendments are those that have been moved that day.
The 'Decision Time' is heralded by the sounding of the division bell.
The division bell is heard throughout the Parliamentary campus.
The division bell alerts Members of the Scottish Parliament who are not in the chamber to return and vote.
At Decision Time, the Presiding Officer puts questions on the motions and amendments.
The Presiding Officer reads out the name of the motion or amendment.
The Presiding Officer reads out the name of the proposer.
The Presiding Officer asks 'Are we all agreed?'.
The chamber first votes orally.
If there is audible dissent, the Presiding Officer announces 'There will be a division.'
Members vote by means of electronic consoles on their desks.
Each MSP has a unique access card.
The unique access card contains a microchip.
The microchip identifies each MSP when inserted into the console.
The identification of each MSP allows them to vote.
The outcome of each division is known.
The outcome of each division is known in seconds.
The outcome of most votes can be predicted beforehand.
Political parties normally instruct members which way to vote.
Parties entrust some MSPs with the task of ensuring that party members vote according to the party line.
Some MSPs are known as whips.
Members of Parliament (MPs) do not tend to vote against such instructions.
Those Members of Parliament (MPs) who vote against such instructions are unlikely to reach higher political ranks in their parties.
Errant members can be deselected as official party candidates during future elections.
In serious cases, errant members may be expelled from their parties outright.
The independence of Members of the Scottish Parliament tends to be low.
Backbench rebellions by Members of the Scottish Parliament who are discontent with their party's policies are rare.
In some circumstances, parties announce free votes.
Free votes allow Members to vote as they please.
The action is typically done on moral issues.
Immediately after Decision Time, a Members Debate is held.
The Members Debate lasts for 45 minutes.
Members Business is a debate on a motion.
The motion is proposed by a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP).
The MSP who proposed the motion is not a Scottish minister.
Such motions are on issues.
The issues may be of interest to a particular area.
The particular area may be a member's own constituency.
The issues may relate to an upcoming event.
The issues may relate to a past event.
The issues may relate to any other item.
The other item would otherwise not be accorded official parliamentary time.
The proposer normally contributes to the debate.
Other members normally contribute to the debate.
The relevant minister winds up the debate.
The relevant minister speaks after all other participants.
The debate and motion relate to the relevant minister's department.
Much of the work of the Scottish Parliament is done in committee.
The role of committees is stronger in the Scottish Parliament than in other parliamentary systems.
The strength of committees in the Scottish Parliament is partly a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government.
The strength of committees in the Scottish Parliament is partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber.
The principal role of committees in the Scottish Parliament is to take evidence from witnesses.
The principal role of committees in the Scottish Parliament is to conduct inquiries.
The principal role of committees in the Scottish Parliament is to scrutinise legislation.
Committee meetings take place on Tuesday morning when Parliament is sitting.
Committee meetings take place on Wednesday morning when Parliament is sitting.
Committee meetings take place on Thursday morning when Parliament is sitting.
Committees can meet at other locations throughout Scotland.
The locations are throughout Scotland.
Committees comprise a small number of Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
The membership of committees reflects the balance of parties across the Scottish Parliament.
There are different committees.
The functions of the different committees are set out in different ways.
Mandatory Committees are committees.
Mandatory Committees are set down under the Scottish Parliament's standing orders.
The Scottish Parliament's standing orders govern the remits of Mandatory Committees.
The Scottish Parliament's standing orders govern the proceedings of Mandatory Committees.
The current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament are Public Audit.
The current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament are Equal Opportunities.
The current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament are European and External Relations.
The current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament are Finance.
The current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament are Public Petitions.
The current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament are Standards, Procedures and Public Appointments.
The current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament are Delegated Powers and Law Reform.
Subject Committees are established at the beginning of each parliamentary session.
The members on each committee reflect the balance of parties across Parliament.
Typically, each committee corresponds with one department of the Scottish Government.
Typically, each committee corresponds with more than one department of the Scottish Government.
Typically, each committee corresponds with one or more ministries of the Scottish Government.
The current Subject Committees in the fourth Session are Economy, Energy and Tourism.
The current Subject Committees in the fourth Session are Education and Culture.
The current Subject Committees in the fourth Session are Health and Sport.
The current Subject Committees in the fourth Session are Justice.
The current Subject Committees in the fourth Session are Local Government and Regeneration.
The current Subject Committees in the fourth Session are Rural Affairs, Climate Change and Environment.
The current Subject Committees in the fourth Session are Welfare Reform.
The current Subject Committees in the fourth Session are Infrastructure and Capital Investment.
A further type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills.
Private bills are submitted to the Scottish Parliament by an outside party or promoter.
The outside party or promoter is not a member of the Scottish Parliament.
The outside party or promoter is not a member of the Scottish Government.
Private bills normally relate to large-scale development projects.
Large-scale development projects include infrastructure projects.
Infrastructure projects require the use of land or property.
Private Bill Committees have been set up.
Private Bill Committees consider legislation on issues.
One issue considered by Private Bill Committees is the development of the Edinburgh Tram Network.
Another issue considered by Private Bill Committees is the Glasgow Airport Rail Link.
Another issue considered by Private Bill Committees is the Airdrie-Bathgate Rail Link.
Another issue considered by Private Bill Committees is extensions to the National Gallery of Scotland.
The Scotland Act 1998 governs the functions and role of the Scottish Parliament.
The Scotland Act 1998 delimits the legislative competence of the Scottish Parliament.
The Scotland Act 1998 was passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The Scotland Act 1998 was given royal assent by Queen Elizabeth II.
Queen Elizabeth II gave royal assent to the Scotland Act 1998 on 19 November 1998.
The Scotland Act 2012 is a piece of legislation.
The Scotland Act 2012 extends the devolved competencies.
The Parliament of the United Kingdom at Westminster continues to constitute the supreme legislature of Scotland.
The Parliament of the United Kingdom at Westminster is relevant for the purposes of parliamentary sovereignty.
Under the terms of the Scotland Act, Westminster agreed to devolve some of its responsibilities over Scottish domestic policy to the Scottish Parliament.
Westminster is a governing body in the United Kingdom.
The Scotland Act is a piece of legislation.
The Scottish Parliament is a legislative body in Scotland.
Westminster's responsibilities include aspects of Scottish domestic policy.
Devolved matters include education.
Devolved matters include health.
Devolved matters include agriculture.
Devolved matters include justice.
The Scotland Act enabled the Scottish Parliament to pass primary legislation.
The primary legislation pertains to specific issues.
A degree of domestic authority remains with the UK Parliament in Westminster.
All foreign policy remains with the UK Parliament in Westminster.
The Scottish Parliament has the power to pass laws.
The Scottish Parliament has limited tax-varying capability.
Another role of the Parliament is to hold the Scottish Government to account.
The specific devolved matters are all subjects.
The subjects are not explicitly stated in Schedule 5 to the Scotland Act.
Schedule 5 to the Scotland Act contains reserved matters.
All matters that are not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the Scottish Parliament.
The Scottish Parliament is the legislative body in Scotland.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include agriculture.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include fisheries.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include forestry.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include economic development.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include education.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include environment.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include food standards.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include health.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include home affairs.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include Scots law.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include courts.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include police services.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include fire services.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include local government.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include sport.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include the arts.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include transport.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include training.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include tourism.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include research.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include statistics.
Most importantly, the areas of focus include social work.
The Scottish Parliament has the ability to alter income tax in Scotland.
The Scottish Parliament can alter income tax in Scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound.
The 2012 Act conferred further fiscal devolution.
The 2012 Act included borrowing powers.
The 2012 Act included some other unconnected matters.
The unconnected matters included setting speed limits.
The unconnected matters included control of air guns.
Reserved matters are subjects.
Reserved matters are outside the legislative competence of the Scotland Parliament.
The Scottish Parliament is unable to legislate on such issues.
Such issues are reserved to Westminster.
Such issues are dealt with at Westminster.
Ministerial functions usually lie with UK Government ministers.
Abortion is included.
Broadcasting policy is included.
Civil service is included.
Common markets for UK goods and services are included.
The constitution is included.
Electricity is included.
Coal is included.
Oil is included.
Gas is included.
Nuclear energy is included.
Defence and national security are included.
Drug policy is included.
Employment is included.
Foreign policy and relations with Europe are included.
Most aspects of transport safety and regulation are included.
The National Lottery is included.
Protection of borders is included.
Social security is included.
The stability of the UK's fiscal, economic and monetary system is included.
Bills can be introduced to Parliament in a number of ways.
The Scottish Government can introduce new laws as a bill.
The Scottish Government can introduce amendments to existing laws as a bill.
A committee of the Parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit.
A member of the Scottish Parliament can introduce a bill as a private member.
A private bill can be submitted to Parliament by an outside proposer.
Most draft laws are government bills.
Government bills are introduced by ministers.
Ministers are members of the governing party.
Bills pass through Parliament.
Bills pass through Parliament in a number of stages.
Stage 1 is the first stage of the bill.
Stage 1 is the introductory stage of the bill.
The minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce the bill to Parliament.
The bill is introduced together with its accompanying documents.
The accompanying documents include Explanatory Notes.
The accompanying documents include a Policy Memorandum.
The Policy Memorandum sets out the policy underlying the bill.
The accompanying documents include a Financial Memorandum.
The Financial Memorandum sets out the costs associated with the bill.
The Financial Memorandum sets out the savings associated with the bill.
Statements from the Presiding Officer are lodged.
Statements from the member in charge of the bill are lodged.
The statements indicate whether the bill is within the legislative competence of the Parliament.
Stage 1 usually takes place in the relevant committee or committees.
Stage 1 is then submitted to the whole Parliament.
The whole Parliament conducts a full debate in the chamber.
The full debate in the chamber is on the general principles of the bill.
The whole Parliament can agree in a vote to the general principles of the bill.
If the whole Parliament agrees in a vote to the general principles of the bill, the bill then proceeds to Stage 2.
Stage 3 is the final stage of the bill.
Stage 3 is considered at a meeting of the whole Parliament.
This stage comprises two parts.
The first part is the consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate.
The second part is a final vote on the bill.
Opposition members can table 'wrecking amendments' to the bill.
'Wrecking amendments' are designed to thwart further progress.
'Wrecking amendments' are designed to take up parliamentary time.
'Wrecking amendments' can cause the bill to fall without a final vote being taken.
Members engage in a general debate on the final form of the bill.
Members proceed to vote at Decision Time.
Members vote on whether they agree to the general principles of the final bill.
After the bill has been passed, the Presiding Officer submits the bill to the Monarch for royal assent.
The bill becomes an Act of the Scottish Parliament after receiving royal assent.
He cannot do so until a 4-week period has elapsed.
The Law Officers of the Scottish Government can refer the bill to the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom for a ruling.
The Law Officers of the UK Government can refer the bill to the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom for a ruling.
The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom will rule on whether the bill is within the powers of the Parliament.
Acts of the Scottish Parliament do not begin with a conventional enacting formula.
The Bill for this Act of the Scottish Parliament was passed by the Parliament on [Date].
The Bill for this Act of the Scottish Parliament received royal assent on [Date].
The party that holds the majority of seats in the Parliament forms the Scottish Government.
The parties that hold the majority of seats in the Parliament form the Scottish Government.
Parliament elects a First Minister from a number of candidates.
The election of the First Minister occurs at the beginning of each parliamentary term.
The beginning of each parliamentary term follows a general election.
Many other parliamentary systems differ from this process.
Any member can put their name forward to be First Minister.
A vote is taken by all members of Parliament.
Normally, the leader of the largest party is returned as First Minister.
The First Minister is the head of the Scottish Government.
Parliament theoretically elects the Scottish Ministers.
The Scottish Ministers form the government of Scotland.
The Scottish Ministers sit in the Scottish cabinet.
In practice, the First Minister appoints the Scottish Ministers to their roles.
Junior ministers do not attend cabinet.
Junior ministers are appointed to assist Scottish ministers in their departments.
Most ministers are drawn from amongst the elected Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
Most juniors are drawn from amongst the elected Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
Scotland's Chief Law Officers are exceptions to the rule of ministers and juniors being drawn from elected MSPs.
The Lord Advocate is one of Scotland's Chief Law Officers.
The Solicitor General is one of Scotland's Chief Law Officers.
The First Minister chooses the ministers.
The First Minister may decide to remove the ministers at any time.
The formal appointment of ministers is made by the Sovereign.
The formal dismissal of ministers is made by the Sovereign.
Under the Scotland Act 1998, ordinary general elections for the Scottish Parliament are held.
Ordinary general elections for the Scottish Parliament are held on the first Thursday in May.
Ordinary general elections for the Scottish Parliament are held every four years.
The years in which ordinary general elections for the Scottish Parliament are held include 1999, 2003, 2007, and so on.
The date of the poll may be varied by up to one month either way.
The variation of the date of the poll is permitted by the Monarch.
The variation of the date of the poll occurs on the proposal of the Presiding Officer.
The Parliament can resolve that it should be dissolved.
At least two-thirds of the Members must vote in favour for the Parliament to resolve to be dissolved.
The Parliament may fail to nominate one of its members to be First Minister within 28 days of a General Election.
The Parliament may fail to nominate one of its members to be First Minister within 28 days of the position becoming vacant.
The Presiding Officer proposes a date for an extraordinary general election.
The Parliament is dissolved by the Queen by royal proclamation.
Extraordinary general elections are in addition to ordinary general elections.
Extraordinary general elections are not held less than six months before the due date of an ordinary general election.
If extraordinary general elections are held less than six months before the due date of an ordinary general election, then extraordinary general elections supplant ordinary general elections.
The following ordinary election reverts to the first Thursday in May.
The first Thursday in May occurs a multiple of four years after 1999.
5 May 2011 is a date.
7 May 2015 is a date.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
Several procedures enable the Scottish Parliament to scrutinise the Government.
The Scottish Parliament is an institution that scrutinises the Government.
The First Minister can deliver statements to Parliament.
Members of the cabinet can deliver statements to Parliament.
MSPs are invited to question the statements delivered to Parliament.
At the beginning of each parliamentary year, the First Minister delivers a statement to the chamber.
The statement sets out the Government's legislative programme for the forthcoming year.
The statement has been delivered.
The leaders of the opposition parties question the First Minister.
Other Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs) question the First Minister.
The questions from the leaders of the opposition parties and other MSPs are on issues related to the substance of the statement.
Parliamentary time is set aside for question periods.
Question periods occur in the debating chamber.
A General Question Time takes place on a Thursday.
The time for General Question Time is between 11:40 a.m. and a specified end time.
Members can direct questions to any member of the Scottish Government.
The Scottish Government consists of various members.
At 2.
At 30pm, a themed 'Question Time' takes place.
'Question Time' lasts for 40 minutes.
Members can ask questions of ministers.
Ministers belong to departments that are selected for questioning on that sitting day.
Departments that may be selected for questioning include health and justice.
Departments that may be selected for questioning include education and transport.
First Minister's Question Time takes place on Thursdays.
Parliament is sitting on Thursdays.
This gives members an opportunity to question the First Minister directly.
Members have the opportunity to question the First Minister on issues under the First Minister's jurisdiction.
Opposition leaders ask a general question of the First Minister.
Opposition leaders then ask supplementary questions.
Such a practice enables a lead-in to the questioner.
The questioner uses their supplementary question to ask the First Minister any issue.
There are four general questions available to opposition leaders.
There are 129 Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
73 Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs) are elected to represent first past the post constituencies.
Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs) who are elected to represent first past the post constituencies are known as 'Constituency MSPs'.
Voters choose one member to represent the constituency.
The member with the most votes is returned as a constituency Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP).
The 73 Scottish Parliament constituencies shared the same boundaries as the UK Parliament constituencies in Scotland prior to the 2005 reduction in the number of Scottish MPs.
The 2005 reduction in the number of Scottish MPs was an event.
Orkney and Shetland are exceptions to the shared boundaries.
Orkney returns its own constituency MSP.
Shetland returns its own constituency MSP.
The average Scottish Parliament constituency comprises 55,000 electors.
The geographical distribution of population in Scotland results in constituencies of a smaller area in the Central Lowlands.
The bulk of Scotland's population lives in the Central Lowlands.
The geographical distribution of population in Scotland results in much larger constituency areas in the north of the country.
The geographical distribution of population in Scotland results in much larger constituency areas in the west of the country.
The north and west of Scotland have a low population density.
The island archipelagos of Orkney comprise a much smaller number of electors.
The island archipelagos of Shetland comprise a much smaller number of electors.
The island archipelagos of the Western Isles comprise a much smaller number of electors.
The smaller number of electors is due to the dispersed population of the island archipelagos of Orkney, Shetland and the Western Isles.
The smaller number of electors is due to the distance from the Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh.
If a Constituency Member of the Scottish Parliament resigns from Parliament, this triggers a by-election in the Constituency Member's constituency.
A replacement Member of the Scottish Parliament is returned from one of the parties by the plurality system.
The total number of seats in the Parliament is allocated to parties.
The allocation of seats to parties is proportional to the number of votes received.
The votes considered for the allocation are from the second vote of the ballot.
The d'Hondt method is used for the allocation of seats.
To determine who is awarded the first list seat, the number of list votes cast for each party is divided by one plus the number of seats the party won in the region.
The seats won by the party in the region are at this point just constituency seats.
The party with the highest quotient is awarded the seat.
The awarded seat is then added to the party's constituency seats.
The addition of the awarded seat is used in allocating the second seat.
The process of allocating seats is repeated iteratively.
The repetition continues until all available list seats are allocated.
A number of qualifications apply to being an MSP.
The qualifications for being an MSP are similar to those in the House of Commons.
Such qualifications were introduced under the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975.
Such qualifications were introduced under the British Nationality Act 1981.
Members must be over the age of 18.
Members must be a citizen of the United Kingdom.
Members must be a citizen of the Republic of Ireland.
Members must be a citizen of one of the countries in the Commonwealth of Nations.
Members must be a citizen of a British overseas territory.
Members must be a European Union citizen resident in the United Kingdom.
Members of the police are disqualified from sitting in the Scottish Parliament as elected Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
Members of the armed forces are disqualified from sitting in the Scottish Parliament as elected Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
Civil servants are disqualified from sitting in the Scottish Parliament as elected Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
Members of foreign legislatures are disqualified from sitting in the Scottish Parliament as elected Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs).
An individual may not sit in the Scottish Parliament.
An individual is judged to be insane under the terms of the Mental Health (Care and Treatment) (Scotland) Act 2003.
The election produced a majority Scottish National Party government.
This is the first time in the Scottish Parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority.
The SNP took 16 seats from Labour.
Many key figures of Labour were not returned to parliament.
Iain Gray is the leader of Labour.
Iain Gray retained East Lothian by 151 votes.
The SNP took a further eight seats from the Liberal Democrats.
The SNP took one seat from the Conservatives.
The SNP overall majority meant that there was sufficient support in the Scottish Parliament.
The sufficient support in the Scottish Parliament allowed for the holding of a referendum on Scottish independence.
For the Conservatives, the main disappointment was the loss of Edinburgh Pentlands.
Edinburgh Pentlands was the seat of former party leader David McLetchie.
Edinburgh Pentlands was lost to the SNP.
McLetchie was elected on the Lothian regional list.
The Conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats.
Annabel Goldie was the leader of the Conservatives.
Annabel Goldie claimed that the support of the Conservatives had held firm.
She announced that she would step down as leader of the party.
She is a leader of the party.
Cameron congratulated the Scottish National Party on their victory.
Cameron vowed to campaign for the Union in the independence referendum.
A procedural consequence of the establishment of the Scottish Parliament is that Scottish Members of Parliament sitting in the UK House of Commons are able to vote on domestic legislation.
The domestic legislation that Scottish Members of Parliament can vote on applies only to England, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
English Members of Parliament are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the Scottish Parliament.
Scottish Members of Parliament are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the Scottish Parliament.
Welsh Members of Parliament are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the Scottish Parliament.
Northern Irish Members of Parliament are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the Scottish Parliament.
The phenomenon is known as the West Lothian question.
The West Lothian question has led to criticism.
The Conservative Party won the 2015 UK election.
Following the Conservative victory in the 2015 UK election, the standing orders of the House of Commons were changed.
The changes to the standing orders of the House of Commons gave Members of Parliament representing English constituencies a new veto.
The new veto applies to laws that only affect England.
Islamism is also known as Political Islam.
Political Islam is referred to in Arabic as إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī.
Islamism is an Islamic revival movement.
Islamism is often characterized by moral conservatism.
Islamism is often characterized by literalism.
Islamism involves the attempt to implement Islamic values in all spheres of life.
Islamism favors the reordering of government.
Islamism favors the reordering of society.
The reordering of government and society is in accordance with the Shari'a.
The different Islamist movements have been described as oscillating between two poles.
One end of the oscillation is a strategy of Islamization of society through state power seized by revolution or invasion.
The other pole is a reformist approach.
In the reformist approach, Islamists work to Islamize society gradually from the bottom up.
The movements have arguably altered the Middle East more than any trend since the modern states gained independence.
The movements are redefining politics.
The movements are redefining borders.
Robin Wright is a journalist.
Moderate Islamists accept and work within the democratic process.
Reformist Islamists accept and work within the democratic process.
The Tunisian Ennahda Movement is a party that accepts and works within the democratic process.
Jamaat-e-Islami of Pakistan is a socio-political and democratic Vanguard party.
Jamaat-e-Islami of Pakistan has gained political influence through military coup d'état in the past.
Hezbollah is an Islamist group in Lebanon.
Hamas is an Islamist group in Palestine.
Hezbollah participates in the democratic and political process.
Hamas participates in the democratic and political process.
Hezbollah participates in armed attacks.
Hamas participates in armed attacks.
Hezbollah seeks to abolish the state of Israel.
Hamas seeks to abolish the state of Israel.
Radical Islamist organizations like al-Qaeda entirely reject democracy.
Radical Islamist organizations like the Egyptian Islamic Jihad entirely reject democracy.
Groups such as the Taliban entirely reject democracy.
Radical Islamist organizations often declare as kuffar those Muslims who support democracy.
Takfirism is the practice of declaring other Muslims as kuffar.
Radical Islamist organizations call for violent jihad.
Radical Islamist organizations call for offensive jihad.
Radical Islamist organizations urge attacks on a religious basis.
Radical Islamist organizations conduct attacks on a religious basis.
There is another major division within Islamism.
The division is between different factions or interpretations of Islamism.
Graham E is a relevant figure in the discussion of this division.
Fuller has described Salafis as the fundamentalist guardians of the tradition.
Salafis are associated with the Wahhabi movement.
Fuller has described the Muslim Brotherhood as the vanguard of change and Islamic reform.
Olivier Roy argues that Sunni pan-Islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century.
The Muslim Brotherhood movement focused on the Islamisation of pan-Arabism.
The Muslim Brotherhood movement was eclipsed by the Salafi movement.
The Salafi movement emphasized sharia rather than the building of Islamic institutions.
The Salafi movement rejected Shia Islam.
Following the Arab Spring, Roy has described Islamism as increasingly interdependent with democracy in much of the Arab Muslim world.
Roy states that neither Islamism nor democracy can now survive without the other.
Islamist political culture itself may not be democratic.
Islamists need democratic elections to maintain their legitimacy.
The popularity of mainstream Islamist groups is significant.
No government can call itself democratic if it excludes mainstream Islamist groups.
Islamism is a controversial concept.
Islamism posits a political role for Islam.
Supporters of Islamism believe their views merely reflect Islam.
The contrary idea that Islam is apolitical is an error.
Scholars and observers do not believe that Islam is merely a political ideology.
Fred Halliday is a scholar and observer.
John Esposito is a scholar and observer.
Javed Ahmad Ghamidi is a Muslim intellectual.
Hayri Abaza argues that the failure to distinguish between Islam and Islamism leads many individuals in the West to support illiberal Islamic regimes.
The support for illiberal Islamic regimes is to the detriment of progressive moderates.
Progressive moderates seek to separate religion from politics.
Islamists have asked the question about the relationship between Islam as a way of life and the identity of those who want to live by its principles.
Islamists question how to categorize individuals who want to live by Islamic principles in legal, social, political, economic, and political spheres of life.
Islamists question whether those individuals should be considered Muslims or Islamists who believe in Islamism, not just Islam.
A writer for the International Crisis Group maintains a viewpoint on the conception of 'political Islam'.
The writer for the International Crisis Group claims that the conception of 'political Islam' is a creation of Americans.
The writer for the International Crisis Group argues that the conception of 'political Islam' was created to explain the Iranian Islamic Revolution.
The writer for the International Crisis Group describes apolitical Islam as a historical fluke.
The writer for the International Crisis Group identifies the short-lived era of the heyday of secular Arab nationalism as occurring between 1945 and 1970.
The writer for the International Crisis Group asserts that quietist/non-political Islam, not Islamism, requires explanation.
During the 1970s, Western governments often supported fledgling Islamists.
During the 1970s, Western governments often supported Islamist groups.
Some Islamist groups later came to be seen as dangerous enemies.
During the 1970s, pro-Western governments often supported fledgling Islamists.
During the 1970s, pro-Western governments often supported Islamist groups.
Some fledgling Islamists later came to be seen as dangerous enemies.
Some Islamist groups later came to be seen as dangerous enemies.
Islamists were considered by Western governments as bulwarks against certain groups.
The groups that were thought to be more dangerous included leftist insurgents.
The groups that were thought to be more dangerous included communist insurgents.
The groups that were thought to be more dangerous included nationalist insurgents.
Islamists were correctly seen as opposing leftist insurgents.
Islamists were correctly seen as opposing communist insurgents.
Islamists were correctly seen as opposing nationalist insurgents.
The US spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen in Afghanistan.
The mujahideen were Muslim enemies of the Soviet Union.
Non-Afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige.
Non-Afghan veterans of the war returned home with their experience.
Non-Afghan veterans of the war returned home with their ideology.
Non-Afghan veterans of the war returned home with their weapons.
Non-Afghan veterans of the war had a considerable impact.
Anwar Sadat was the President of Egypt.
Anwar Sadat's policies included opening Egypt to Western investment.
The policy of opening Egypt to Western investment is known as infitah.
Anwar Sadat transferred Egypt's allegiance from the Soviet Union to the United States.
Anwar Sadat made peace with Israel.
Anwar Sadat released Islamists from prison.
Anwar Sadat welcomed home exiles.
Anwar Sadat's actions were in tacit exchange for political support.
Anwar Sadat sought political support in his struggle against leftists.
His encouragement of the emergence of the Islamist movement was said to have been imitated by many other Muslim leaders in the years that followed.
Many other Muslim leaders imitated his encouragement of the emergence of the Islamist movement in the years that followed.
The gentlemen's agreement between Anwar Sadat and Islamists broke down in 1975.
The breakdown of the gentlemen's agreement occurred after Islamists came to completely dominate university student unions.
Sadat was later assassinated.
A formidable insurgency was formed in Egypt in the 1990s.
The French government has been reported to have promoted Islamist preachers.
The French government promoted Islamist preachers in the hope of channeling Muslim energies into zones of piety and charity.
It seems that your input was incomplete.
Please provide the content you would like me to decompose.
I will be happy to assist you!
The interpretation of Islam promoted by the funding was Wahhabism.
Wahhabism is a strict, conservative interpretation of Islam.
Wahhabism is based in Saudi Arabia.
Wahhabism is also known as Salafism.
In its harshest form, the ideology preached that Muslims should always oppose infidels in every way.
The ideology preached that Muslims should hate infidels for their religion.
The phrase 'for Allah's sake' is used.
Democracy is claimed to be responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century.
Shia Muslims are labeled as infidels by some individuals.
Other non-Wahhabi Muslims are labeled as infidels by some individuals.
This effort has not converted all Muslims to the Wahhabist interpretation of Islam.
This effort has not converted most Muslims to the Wahhabist interpretation of Islam.
This effort has overwhelmed more moderate local interpretations of Islam.
The Saudi interpretation of Islam has been set as the 'gold standard' of religion in the minds of some Muslims.
The Saudi interpretation of Islam has been set as the 'gold standard' of religion in the minds of many Muslims.
Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood are well known for providing shelters.
Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood are well known for providing educational assistance.
Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood are well known for providing free or low cost medical clinics.
Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood are well known for providing housing assistance to students from out of town.
Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood are well known for providing student advisory groups.
Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood are well known for facilitating inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands.
Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood are well known for providing legal assistance.
Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood are well known for providing sports facilities.
Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood are well known for providing women's groups.
All this compares very favourably against incompetent governments.
All this compares very favourably against inefficient governments.
All this compares very favourably against neglectful governments.
The commitment of incompetent governments to social justice is limited to rhetoric.
The commitment of inefficient governments to social justice is limited to rhetoric.
The commitment of neglectful governments to social justice is limited to rhetoric.
Iqbal studied law in England.
Iqbal studied philosophy in Germany.
Iqbal became a member of the London branch of the All India Muslim League.
He came back to Lahore in 1908.
Lahore is a city.
Iqbal divided his time between law practice and philosophical poetry.
Iqbal remained active in the Muslim League.
He did not support Indian involvement in World War I.
He remained in close touch with Muslim political leaders.
Muhammad Ali Johar was a Muslim political leader.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah was a Muslim political leader.
He was a critic of the mainstream Indian nationalist Indian National Congress.
He was a critic of the secularist Indian National Congress.
Iqbal's seven English lectures were published by Oxford University Press in 1934.
The book titled The Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam contains Iqbal's seven English lectures.
Oxford University Press is the publisher of the book titled The Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam.
The year of publication for the book titled The Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam is 1934.
These lectures dwell on the role of Islam as a religion.
These lectures dwell on the role of Islam as a political philosophy.
These lectures dwell on the role of Islam as a legal philosophy.
These lectures focus on the role of Islam in the modern age.
Iqbal expressed fears about the impact of secularism on Islam.
Iqbal expressed fears about the impact of secular nationalism on Muslim society.
Iqbal feared that secularism would weaken the spiritual foundations of Islam.
Iqbal feared that secular nationalism would weaken the spiritual foundations of Islam.
Iqbal feared that secularism would weaken the spiritual foundations of Muslim society.
Iqbal feared that secular nationalism would weaken the spiritual foundations of Muslim society.
Iqbal feared that India's Hindu-majority population would crowd out Muslim heritage.
Iqbal feared that India's Hindu-majority population would crowd out Muslim culture.
Iqbal feared that India's Hindu-majority population would crowd out Muslim political influence.
In his travels to Egypt, he promoted ideas of greater Islamic political co-operation and unity.
In his travels to Afghanistan, he promoted ideas of greater Islamic political co-operation and unity.
In his travels to Palestine, he promoted ideas of greater Islamic political co-operation and unity.
In his travels to Syria, he promoted ideas of greater Islamic political co-operation and unity.
He called for the shedding of nationalist differences.
Sir Muhammad Iqbal was elected president of the Muslim League in 1930.
The election of Sir Muhammad Iqbal as president of the Muslim League occurred at its session in Allahabad.
Sir Muhammad Iqbal was also elected president of the Muslim League for the session in Lahore in 1932.
Iqbal delivered the Allahabad Address on 29 December 1930.
Iqbal outlined a vision of an independent state.
The independent state was for Muslim-majority provinces.
The Muslim-majority provinces were located in northwestern India.
The address later inspired the Pakistan movement.
Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi was an important figure in the Islamic revival in India.
Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi was active in the early twentieth century.
Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi was an important figure in the Islamic revival in Pakistan after independence from Britain.
The individual was trained as a lawyer.
The individual chose the profession of journalism.
The individual wrote about contemporary issues.
The individual wrote about Islam.
The individual wrote about Islamic law.
Maududi founded the Jamaat-e-Islami party in 1941.
Maududi remained the leader of the Jamaat-e-Islami party until 1972.
Maududi had much more impact through his writing.
Maududi had less impact through his political organising.
His extremely influential books were translated into many languages.
His extremely influential books placed Islam in a modern context.
His extremely influential books influenced conservative ulema.
His extremely influential books influenced liberal modernizer Islamists.
Al-Faruqi was a liberal modernizer Islamist.
Al-Faruqi's work is titled 'Islamization of Knowledge'.
Al-Faruqi's 'Islamization of Knowledge' carried forward some of Maududi's key principles.
Maududi believed that Muslim society could not be Islamic without Sharia.
Islam required the establishment of an Islamic state.
This state should be a theo-democracy.
The theo-democracy should be based on the principle of tawhid.
Tawhid refers to the unity of God.
The theo-democracy should be based on the principle of risala.
Risala refers to prophethood.
The theo-democracy should be based on the principle of khilafa.
Khilafa refers to caliphate.
Maududi talked about Islamic revolution.
By 'revolution', Maududi meant not the violence of the Iranian Revolution.
By 'revolution', Maududi meant not the populist policies of the Iranian Revolution.
Maududi meant the gradual changing of the hearts and minds of individuals.
The changing of the hearts and minds of individuals occurs from the top of society downward.
The changing of the hearts and minds of individuals occurs through an educational process.
The educational process is referred to as da'wah.
The Muslim Brotherhood was founded in Ismailiyah, Egypt in 1928.
Hassan al Banna was the founder of the Muslim Brotherhood.
The founding of the Muslim Brotherhood was roughly contemporaneous with Maududi.
The organization was arguably the first modern Islamic political/religious organization.
The organization was the largest modern Islamic political/religious organization.
The organization was the most influential modern Islamic political/religious organization.
The motto is 'the Qur'an is our constitution.'
The organization sought Islamic revival through preaching.
The organization sought Islamic revival by providing basic community services.
The basic community services provided by the organization included schools.
The basic community services provided by the organization included mosques.
The basic community services provided by the organization included workshops.
Maududi believed in the necessity of government rule based on Shariah law.
Al Banna believed in the necessity of government rule based on Shariah law.
The implementation of Shariah law should be gradual and by persuasion.
Al Banna believed in eliminating all imperialist influence in the Muslim world.
Some elements of the Brotherhood engaged in violence against the government.
Some elements of the Brotherhood engaged in violence against the government perhaps against orders.
Al-Banna was the founder of the Brotherhood.
Al-Banna was assassinated in 1949.
The assassination of Al-Banna was in retaliation for the assassination of Egypt's premier Mahmud Fami Naqrashi.
Mahmud Fami Naqrashi was assassinated three months earlier than Al-Banna.
The Brotherhood has suffered periodic repression in Egypt.
The Brotherhood has been banned several times.
The Brotherhood was banned in 1948.
The Brotherhood was banned several years later following confrontations with Egyptian president Gamal Abdul Nasser.
Gamal Abdul Nasser was the Egyptian president.
Gamal Abdul Nasser jailed thousands of members of the Brotherhood for several years.
The Brotherhood has become one of the most influential movements in the Islamic world.
The Brotherhood has become particularly influential in the Arab world.
There has been periodic repression of the Brotherhood.
For many years, the opposition group in Egypt was described as 'semi-legal'.
The opposition group in Egypt was the only opposition group able to field candidates during elections.
In the Egyptian parliamentary election of 2011–2012, political parties identified as 'Islamist' won 75% of the total seats.
The Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party was identified as an Islamist political party.
The Salafi Al-Nour Party was identified as an Islamist political party.
The liberal Islamist Al-Wasat Party was identified as an Islamist political party.
Mohamed Morsi was an Islamist democrat.
Mohamed Morsi was a member of the Muslim Brotherhood.
Mohamed Morsi was the first democratically elected president of Egypt.
He was deposed during the 2013 Egyptian coup d'état.
The event was the 2013 Egyptian coup d'état.
The quick and decisive defeat of the Arab troops occurred during the Six-Day War.
The Israeli troops defeated the Arab troops during the Six-Day War.
The defeat of the Arab troops constituted a pivotal event in the Arab Muslim world.
The defeat occurred in the countries that were defeated.
Economic stagnation occurred in the countries that were defeated.
The defeat and economic stagnation in the defeated countries were blamed on the secular Arab nationalism of the ruling regimes.
Secular Arab nationalism was a characteristic of the ruling regimes.
A steep decline in the popularity of secular politics ensued.
A steady decline in the credibility of secular politics ensued.
A steep decline in the popularity of socialist politics ensued.
A steady decline in the credibility of socialist politics ensued.
A steep decline in the popularity of nationalist politics ensued.
A steady decline in the credibility of nationalist politics ensued.
Ba'athism suffered.
Arab socialism suffered.
Arab nationalism suffered.
Different democratic Islamist movements inspired by Maududi gained ground.
Different anti-democratic Islamist movements inspired by Sayyid Qutb gained ground.
Ali Shariati was the ideologue of the Iranian Revolution.
The views of Ali Shariati had resemblance with Mohammad Iqbal.
Mohammad Iqbal was the ideological father of the State of Pakistan.
Khomeini's beliefs are perceived to be placed somewhere between the beliefs of Sunni Islamic thinkers.
Mawdudi was a Sunni Islamic thinker.
Qutb was a Sunni Islamic thinker.
He believed that complete imitation of the Prophet Mohammad was essential to Islam.
He believed that complete imitation of the successors of the Prophet Mohammad, such as Ali, was essential to Islam.
He believed that the restoration of Sharia law was essential to Islam.
He believed that many secular, Westernizing Muslims were actually agents of the West.
He believed that many secular, Westernizing Muslims were serving Western interests.
He believed that acts such as 'plundering' of Muslim lands were part of a long-term conspiracy against Islam.
He believed that the long-term conspiracy against Islam was orchestrated by Western governments.
The Islamic Republic has maintained its hold on power in Iran.
The Islamic Republic has maintained its hold on power in Iran in spite of US economic sanctions.
The Islamic Republic has created like-minded Shia terrorist groups in Iraq.
The Islamic Republic has assisted like-minded Shia terrorist groups in Iraq.
The Islamic Republic has created like-minded Shia terrorist groups in Egypt.
The Islamic Republic has assisted like-minded Shia terrorist groups in Egypt.
The Islamic Republic has created like-minded Shia terrorist groups in Syria.
The Islamic Republic has assisted like-minded Shia terrorist groups in Syria.
The Islamic Republic has created like-minded Shia terrorist groups in Jordan.
The Islamic Republic has assisted like-minded Shia terrorist groups in Jordan.
The Islamic Republic has created like-minded Shia terrorist groups in Lebanon.
The Islamic Republic has assisted like-minded Shia terrorist groups in Lebanon.
SCIRI is a Shia terrorist group in Iraq.
Hezbollah is a Shia terrorist group in Lebanon.
Iraq is a Muslim country that has a large Shiite population.
Egypt is a Muslim country that has a large Shiite population.
During the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict, the Iranian government enjoyed a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly Sunni Arab street.
The resurgence in popularity was due to the Iranian government's support for Hezbollah.
The resurgence in popularity was also due to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's vehement opposition to the United States.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called for Israel to vanish.
In 1979, the Soviet Union deployed its 40th Army into Afghanistan.
The Soviet Union attempted to suppress an Islamic rebellion.
The Islamic rebellion was against an allied Marxist regime.
The allied Marxist regime was involved in the Afghan Civil War.
The conflict pitted indigenous impoverished Muslims against an anti-religious superpower.
The indigenous impoverished Muslims were referred to as mujahideen.
The conflict galvanized thousands of Muslims around the world.
Thousands of Muslims around the world sent aid.
Some Muslims around the world went themselves to fight for their faith.
Abdullah Yusuf Azzam was a Palestinian sheikh.
Abdullah Yusuf Azzam led a pan-Islamic effort.
The military effectiveness of the Afghan Arabs was marginal.
An estimated 16,000 to 35,000 Muslim volunteers came from around the world.
The Muslim volunteers came to fight in Afghanistan.
Another factor in the early 1990s that worked to radicalize the Islamist movement was the Gulf War.
The Gulf War brought several hundred thousand US military personnel to Saudi Arabian soil.
The Gulf War brought several hundred thousand allied non-Muslim military personnel to Saudi Arabian soil.
The purpose of bringing military personnel to Saudi Arabian soil was to put an end to Saddam Hussein's occupation of Kuwait.
Saddam Hussein was the leader responsible for the occupation of Kuwait.
Prior to 1990, Saudi Arabia played an important role in restraining many Islamist groups.
Many Islamist groups received aid from Saudi Arabia.
Saddam was a secularist and Ba'athist dictator of neighboring Iraq.
Saddam attacked Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia was Saddam's enemy in the war.
Western troops came to protect the Saudi monarchy.
Islamists accused the Saudi regime of being a puppet of the west.
The Saudi regime is accused by Islamists of being a puppet of the west.
These attacks resonated with conservative Muslims.
The problem did not go away with Saddam's defeat.
American troops remained stationed in the kingdom after Saddam's defeat.
A de facto cooperation with the Palestinian-Israeli peace process developed.
Saudi Arabia attempted to compensate for its loss of prestige among certain groups.
Saudi Arabia repressed domestic Islamists who attacked Saudi Arabia.
Osama bin Laden is a prime example of a domestic Islamist who attacked Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia increased aid to Islamic groups.
Saudi Arabia provided aid to Islamist madrassas around the world.
Saudi Arabia aided some violent Islamist groups.
Saudi Arabia's pre-war influence on behalf of moderation was greatly reduced.
One result of the situation was a campaign of attacks on government officials in Egypt.
One result of the situation was a campaign of attacks on tourists in Egypt.
One result of the situation was a bloody civil war in Algeria.
One result of the situation was Osama bin Laden's terror attacks.
Osama bin Laden's terror attacks climaxed in the 9/11 attack.
Qutb's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966.
Qutb was imprisoned prior to his execution in 1966.
The leadership of the Brotherhood remained moderate.
The leadership of the Brotherhood was interested in political negotiation.
The leadership of the Brotherhood was interested in activism.
Hasan al-Hudaybi led the leadership of the Brotherhood.
Fringe movements were inspired by the final writings of Sayyid Qutb in the mid-1960s.
Splinter movements were inspired by the final writings of Sayyid Qutb in the mid-1960s.
The manifesto Milestones was one of the final writings of Sayyid Qutb.
Ma'alim fi-l-Tariq developed.
Ma'alim fi-l-Tariq pursued a more radical direction.
By the 1970s, the Brotherhood had renounced violence.
The Brotherhood had renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals.
The Egyptian Islamic Jihad organization took up the path of violence and military struggle.
The Egyptian Islamic Jihad organization was responsible for the assassination of Anwar Sadat in 1981.
Unlike earlier anti-colonial movements, the extremist group directed its attacks against leaders of Muslim states.
The extremist group believed that the leaders of Muslim states were 'apostate' leaders.
The leaders of Muslim states held secular leanings.
The leaders of Muslim states introduced or promoted Western ideas into Islamic societies.
The leaders of Muslim states promoted foreign practices into Islamic societies.
The views were outlined in a pamphlet.
The pamphlet was written by Muhammad Abd al-Salaam Farag.
Muhammad Abd al-Salaam Farag states his views in the pamphlet.
Another of the Egyptian groups employed violence in their struggle for Islamic order.
The name of the Egyptian group is al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya.
Al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya is also known as the Islamic Group.
Victims of the campaign against the Egyptian state in the 1990s included the head of the counter-terrorism police.
The head of the counter-terrorism police was Major General Raouf Khayrat.
Victims of the campaign against the Egyptian state in the 1990s included a parliamentary speaker.
The parliamentary speaker was Rifaat al-Mahgoub.
Victims of the campaign against the Egyptian state in the 1990s included dozens of European tourists.
Victims of the campaign against the Egyptian state in the 1990s included Egyptian bystanders.
Victims of the campaign against the Egyptian state in the 1990s included over 100 Egyptian police.
The campaign to overthrow the government was ultimately unsuccessful.
The major jihadi group is Jamaa Islamiya.
Jamaa Islamiya is also known as al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya.
Jamaa Islamiya renounced violence in 2003.
Other lesser known groups include the Islamic Liberation Party.
Other lesser known groups include Salvation from Hell.
Other lesser known groups include Takfir wal-Hijra.
The Islamic Liberation Party has been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures.
Salvation from Hell has been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures.
Takfir wal-Hijra has been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures.
The Islamic Liberation Party has been involved in activities such as arson of video shops.
Salvation from Hell has been involved in activities such as arson of video shops.
Takfir wal-Hijra has been involved in activities such as arson of video shops.
The Islamic Liberation Party has been involved in activities such as attempted takeovers of government buildings.
Salvation from Hell has been involved in activities such as attempted takeovers of government buildings.
Takfir wal-Hijra has been involved in activities such as attempted takeovers of government buildings.
For some decades prior to the First Palestine Intifada in 1987, the Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine took a quiescent stance towards Israel.
The Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine focused on preaching.
The Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine focused on education.
The Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine focused on social services.
The Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine benefited from Israel's indulgence.
The Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine built up a network of mosques.
The Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine built up charitable organizations.
The First Intifada gathered momentum.
Palestinian shopkeepers closed their shops in support of the uprising.
The Brotherhood announced the formation of HAMAS.
HAMAS is defined as 'zeal'.
HAMAS is devoted to Jihad against Israel.
The 1988 Hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand than the PLO.
The 1988 Hamas charter called for the destruction of Israel.
The 1988 Hamas charter called for the establishment of an Islamic state in Palestine.
The entity was soon competing with the PLO for control of the intifada.
The entity then overtook the PLO for control of the intifada.
The Brotherhood's base consisted of devout middle class individuals.
The devout middle class found common cause with the impoverished youth of the intifada.
The devout middle class and the impoverished youth of the intifada shared cultural conservatism.
The devout middle class and the impoverished youth of the intifada had antipathy for activities of the secular middle class.
Activities of the secular middle class included drinking alcohol.
Activities of the secular middle class included going about without hijab.
Hamas has continued to be a major player in Palestine.
From 2000 to 2007, a total of 542 people were killed.
The killings occurred in 140 suicide bombing operations.
The suicide bombing operations are also referred to as 'martyrdom operations'.
In the January 2006 legislative election, the entity won the majority of the seats.
The January 2006 legislative election was the entity's first foray into the political process.
In 2007, the entity drove the Palestine Liberation Organization out of Gaza.
Hamas has been praised by Muslims for driving Israel out of the Gaza Strip.
Hamas has been criticized for failure to achieve its demands in the 2008-9 Gaza War.
Hamas has been criticized for failure to achieve its demands in the 2014 Gaza War.
The 2008-9 Gaza War resulted in heavy destruction.
The 2008-9 Gaza War resulted in significant loss of life.
The 2014 Gaza War resulted in heavy destruction.
The 2014 Gaza War resulted in significant loss of life.
Sudan had an Islamist regime for many years.
Hassan al-Turabi was the leader of the Islamist regime in Sudan.
The National Islamic Front first gained influence in 1979.
General Gaafar al-Nimeiry was a strongman.
General Gaafar al-Nimeiry invited members of the National Islamic Front to serve in his government.
Turabi built a powerful economic base.
The money for the powerful economic base came from foreign Islamist banking systems.
The foreign Islamist banking systems were especially linked with Saudi Arabia.
He recruited a cadre of influential loyalists.
He built a cadre of influential loyalists.
He placed sympathetic students in the university.
He placed sympathetic students in the military academy.
He served as the minister of education.
Al-Nimeiry was overthrown in 1985.
The party did poorly in national elections after al-Nimeiry was overthrown.
In 1989, the party was able to overthrow the elected post-al-Nimeiry government.
The party received help from the military to overthrow the elected post-al-Nimeiry government.
Turabi was noted for proclaiming his support for the democratic process.
Turabi was noted for proclaiming his support for a liberal government.
Turabi came to power.
Turabi enforced strict application of sharia law once in power.
Turabi implemented torture of the opposition once in power.
Turabi implemented mass imprisonment of the opposition once in power.
Turabi intensified the long-running war in southern Sudan once in power.
The NIF regime harbored Osama bin Laden for a time before 9/11.
The NIF regime worked to unify Islamist opposition to the American attack on Iraq in the 1991 Gulf War.
An Islamist movement was the FIS.
The FIS is also known as the Front Islamique de Salut.
The FIS is the Islamic Salvation Front in Algeria.
The Islamist movement was influenced by Salafism.
The Islamist movement was influenced by the jihad in Afghanistan.
The Islamist movement was influenced by the Muslim Brotherhood.
The broad Islamist coalition was founded in 1989.
Abbassi Madani was a leader of the broad Islamist coalition.
Ali Belhadj was a charismatic Islamist young preacher.
Ali Belhadj was also a leader of the broad Islamist coalition.
The ruling leftist-nationalist FLN government experienced economic failure.
The ruling leftist-nationalist FLN government implemented unpopular social liberalization.
The ruling leftist-nationalist FLN government implemented secularization.
An entity took advantage of the economic failure of the ruling leftist-nationalist FLN government.
An entity took advantage of the unpopular social liberalization by the ruling leftist-nationalist FLN government.
An entity took advantage of the secularization by the ruling leftist-nationalist FLN government.
An entity used its preaching to advocate the establishment of a legal system following Sharia law.
An entity advocated for economic liberalization and a development program.
An entity advocated for education in Arabic rather than French.
An entity advocated for gender segregation.
An entity proposed that women should stay home to alleviate the high rate of unemployment among young Algerian men.
The FIS won sweeping victories in local elections.
The FIS was going to win national elections in 1991.
Voting for the national elections in 1991 was canceled by a military coup d'état.
The mujahideen achieved victory against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan in the 1980s.
The victory of the mujahideen did not lead to justice in Afghanistan.
The victory of the mujahideen did not lead to prosperity in Afghanistan.
A vicious and destructive civil war occurred in Afghanistan.
The civil war in Afghanistan was between political warlords.
The civil war in Afghanistan was between tribal warlords.
The civil war contributed to making Afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth.
In 1992, the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan ruled by communist forces collapsed.
The Democratic Republic of Afghanistan was ruled by communist forces.
Democratic Islamist elements of mujahideen founded the Islamic State of Afghanistan.
In 1996, a more conservative and anti-democratic Islamist movement known as the Taliban rose to power.
The Taliban defeated most of the warlords.
The Taliban took over roughly 80% of Afghanistan.
The Taliban were spawned by the thousands of madrasahs established by the Deobandi movement.
The Deobandi movement established madrasahs for impoverished Afghan refugees.
The madrasahs were supported by governmental groups in neighboring Pakistan.
The madrasahs were supported by religious groups in neighboring Pakistan.
The Taliban differed from other Islamist movements.
The Taliban might be more properly described as Islamic fundamentalist.
The Taliban might be more properly described as neofundamentalist.
The Taliban is interested in spreading an idealized version of conservative tribal village customs.
The Taliban is interested in spreading a systematized version of conservative tribal village customs.
The Taliban aims to spread conservative tribal village customs under the label of Sharia.
The Taliban aims to spread conservative tribal village customs to an entire country.
Their ideology was influenced by Wahhabism.
Their ideology was influenced by the extremist jihadism of Osama bin Laden.
Osama bin Laden was a guest.
In July 1977, General Zia-ul-Haq overthrew the regime of Prime Minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto in Pakistan.
General Zia-ul-Haq was a military general.
Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto was the Prime Minister of Pakistan.
Ali Bhutto was a leftist.
Ali Bhutto was in democratic competition with Islamists.
Ali Bhutto announced a ban on alcohol within six months.
Ali Bhutto announced a ban on nightclubs within six months.
Ali Bhutto announced the bans shortly before he was overthrown.
Zia-ul-Haq was much more committed to Islamism.
Islamization or implementation of Islamic law became a cornerstone of Zia-ul-Haq's eleven-year military dictatorship.
Islamism became Zia-ul-Haq's official state ideology.
Zia ul Haq was an admirer of Mawdudi.
Mawdudi was the founder of Jamaat-e-Islami.
Jamaat-e-Islami became the regime's ideological and political arm.
In Pakistan, the Islamization from above was probably more complete than under any other regime except those in Iran and Sudan.
Zia-ul-Haq was criticized by many Islamists.
Many Islamists criticized Zia-ul-Haq for imposing symbols rather than substance.
Zia-ul-Haq used Islamization to legitimize his means of seizing power.
Zia-ul-Haq's policies were intended to avoid revolutionary excess.
Zia-ul-Haq's policies were not intended to strain relations with his American allies.
Zia-ul-Haq's policies were not intended to strain relations with his Persian Gulf state allies.
Zia-ul-Haq's policies were different from the policies of neighboring Iran.
Zia-ul-Haq was killed in 1988.
Islamization remains an important element in Pakistani society.
The Islamic State is a militant group.
The Islamic State was formerly known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
The Islamic State was previously known as the Islamic State of Iraq.
The Islamic State is called Daesh by its many detractors.
The Islamic State is a Wahhabi/Salafi jihadist extremist militant group.
The Islamic State is led by Sunni Arabs.
The Islamic State is mainly composed of Sunni Arabs from Iraq.
The Islamic State is mainly composed of Sunni Arabs from Syria.
In 2014, the group proclaimed itself a caliphate.
The group claimed religious authority over all Muslims worldwide.
The group claimed political authority over all Muslims worldwide.
The group claimed military authority over all Muslims worldwide.
As of March 2015, the entity had control over territory occupied by ten million people in Iraq.
As of March 2015, the entity had control over territory occupied by ten million people in Syria.
The entity has nominal control over small areas of Libya.
The entity has nominal control over small areas of Nigeria.
The entity has nominal control over small areas of Afghanistan.
A self-described state exists.
The self-described state lacks international recognition.
The group operates in other parts of the world.
The group has affiliates in other parts of the world.
The other parts of the world include North Africa.
The other parts of the world include South Asia.
The group originated as the Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad in 1999.
The group pledged allegiance to al-Qaeda in 2004.
The group participated in the Iraqi insurgency that followed the March 2003 invasion of Iraq by Western forces.
The group joined the fight in the Syrian Civil War beginning in March 2011.
The group was expelled from al-Qaeda in early 2014.
Al-Qaeda complained of the group's failure to consult.
Al-Qaeda described the group as notorious intransigent.
The group gained prominence after driving Iraqi government forces out of key cities in western Iraq.
The offensive occurred in 2014.
The Iraqi government forces were driven out of key cities in western Iraq.
The group is adept at social media.
The group posts Internet videos of beheadings of soldiers.
The group posts Internet videos of beheadings of civilians.
The group posts Internet videos of beheadings of journalists.
The group posts Internet videos of beheadings of aid workers.
The group is known for its destruction of cultural heritage sites.
The United Nations has held ISIL responsible for human rights abuses.
The United Nations has held ISIL responsible for war crimes.
Amnesty International has reported ethnic cleansing by ISIL.
Amnesty International has described the ethnic cleansing by ISIL as occurring on a 'historic scale'.
The group has been designated a terrorist organisation by the United Nations.
The group has been designated a terrorist organisation by the European Union.
The group has been designated a terrorist organisation by member states of the European Union.
The group has been designated a terrorist organisation by the United States.
The group has been designated a terrorist organisation by India.
The group has been designated a terrorist organisation by Indonesia.
The group has been designated a terrorist organisation by Turkey.
The group has been designated a terrorist organisation by Saudi Arabia.
The group has been designated a terrorist organisation by Syria.
The group has been designated a terrorist organisation by other countries.
The party focuses on the Caliphate.
The party takes a different view of Muslim history than some other Islamists.
Muhammad Qutb is an example of some other Islamists.
HT sees Islam's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of Ali.
HT sees Islam's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of one of the other four rightly guided Caliphs in the 7th century.
HT sees Islam's pivotal turning point as occurring with the abolition of the Ottoman Caliphate in 1924.
The true Islamic system is believed to have ended.
The ending of the true Islamic system is attributed to the disbelieving colonial powers.
The disbelieving colonial powers are blamed for the ending of the true Islamic system.
The disbelieving colonial powers worked through Mustafa Kemal Atatürk.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk was a Turkish modernist.
HT does not engage in armed jihad.
HT does not work for a democratic system.
HT works to take power through ideological struggle.
HT aims to change Muslim public opinion.
HT focuses on elites who will facilitate a change of the government.
Launch a coup.
The coup is described as 'bloodless'.
The entity allegedly attempted a coup in Jordan in 1968.
The entity failed the coup attempt in Jordan in 1968.
The entity allegedly attempted a coup in Jordan in 1969.
The entity failed the coup attempt in Jordan in 1969.
The entity allegedly attempted a coup in Egypt in 1974.
The entity failed the coup attempt in Egypt in 1974.
The entity is now banned in Jordan.
The entity is now banned in Egypt.
Many HT members have gone on to join terrorist groups.
Many jihadi terrorists have cited HT as their key influence.
Greater London has over 900,000 Muslims.
Most Muslims in Greater London are of South Asian origins.
Muslims in Greater London are concentrated in the East London boroughs of Newham, Tower Hamlets, and Waltham Forest.
Among the Muslims in Greater London are some individuals with a strong Islamist outlook.
The presence of certain groups has heightened concerns.
There is a perceived British policy of allowing certain groups free rein.
The perceived British policy is combined with the presence of certain groups.
Exposés such as the 2007 Channel 4 documentary programme Undercover Mosque have contributed to the concerns.
The 2007 Channel 4 documentary programme Undercover Mosque is an exposé.
The combination of the presence of certain groups, the perceived British policy, and exposés has given rise to the term Londonistan.
Following the 9/11 attacks, Abu Hamza al-Masri was arrested.
Abu Hamza al-Masri was charged with incitement to terrorism.
The arrest and charge of Abu Hamza al-Masri caused many Islamists to leave the UK.
Many Islamists left the UK to avoid internment.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
The government has engaged in efforts to counter Islamism since 2001.
The government has engaged in efforts to counter violent Islamism since 2001.
These efforts were centred in the U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Public diplomacy programmes are conducted by the State Department.
There have been calls to create an independent agency.
The independent agency is proposed to be created in the United States.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
There is a specific mission.
The specific mission is to undermine Islamism.
The specific mission is to undermine jihadism.
Christian Whiton is an official.
Christian Whiton is associated with George W.
The Bush administration called for a new agency.
The new agency was focused on the nonviolent practice of 'political warfare'.
The aim of the nonviolent practice of 'political warfare' was to undermine the ideology.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates called for establishing something similar to the defunct U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
The Information Agency was charged with undermining the communist ideology during the Cold War.
Imperialism is a type of advocacy.
Advocacy of empire refers to support for the establishment and expansion of an empire.
The name originated from the Latin word 'imperium'.
The Latin word 'imperium' means to rule over large territories.
Imperialism is a policy.
Imperialism involves extending a country's power and influence.
A country can extend its power and influence through colonization.
A country can extend its power and influence through the use of military force.
A country can extend its power and influence through other means.
Imperialism has greatly shaped the contemporary world.
The rapid spread of technologies has been allowed.
The rapid spread of ideas has been allowed.
The term imperialism has been applied to political and economic dominance.
The political and economic dominance is associated with Western countries.
The political and economic dominance is associated with Japanese countries.
The political and economic dominance occurred especially in Asia.
The political and economic dominance occurred especially in Africa.
The political and economic dominance took place in the 19th century.
The political and economic dominance took place in the 20th century.
The precise meaning continues to be debated.
Scholars are the individuals debating the precise meaning.
Some writers use the term more broadly.
Edward Said is an example of a writer who uses the term more broadly.
The term is used to describe any system of domination and subordination.
The system of domination and subordination is organized with an imperial center.
The system of domination and subordination is organized with a periphery.
Imperialism is defined as a policy.
The policy of imperialism involves extending a country’s power.
The policy of imperialism involves extending a country’s influence.
The extension of a country’s power and influence can occur through diplomacy.
The extension of a country’s power and influence can occur through military force.
Imperialism is particularly focused on control.
One group often refers to a state power.
One group has control on another group of people.
Various forms of 'othering' exist.
The concept of 'othering' is often based on racial stereotypes.
The concept of 'othering' is often based on religious stereotypes.
The concept of 'othering' is often based on cultural stereotypes.
There are formal imperialisms.
There are informal imperialisms.
Formal imperialism is defined as physical control.
Formal imperialism is defined as full-fledged colonial rule.
Informal imperialism is less direct.
Informal imperialism is still a powerful form of dominance.
The definition of imperialism has not been finalized for centuries.
The definition of imperialism was confusedly seen to represent the policies of major powers.
The definition of imperialism was confusedly seen to represent general-purpose aggressiveness.
Some writers used the term imperialism.
The term imperialism was used in a slightly more discriminating fashion.
The term imperialism means all kinds of domination or control.
Domination or control is by a group of people over another group of people.
One could speak of 'formal' imperialism to clear out confusion about the definition of imperialism.
'Formal' imperialism means physical control or 'full-fledged colonial rule'.
One could speak of 'informal' imperialism to clear out confusion about the definition of imperialism.
'Informal' imperialism implies less direct rule.
'Informal' imperialism still contains perceivable kinds of dominance.
Informal rule is generally less costly than formal rule.
Taking over territories formally is a form of rule.
The control is spread more subtly through technological superiority.
Technological superiority enforces land officials into large debts that cannot be repaid.
The ownership of private industries expands the controlled area.
Countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully.
The word 'empire' comes from the Latin word 'imperium'.
The closest modern English equivalent of the Latin word 'imperium' would perhaps be 'sovereignty'.
Another closest modern English equivalent of the Latin word 'imperium' would simply be 'rule'.
The greatest distinction of an empire is through the amount of land that a nation has conquered.
The greatest distinction of an empire is through the amount of land that a nation has expanded.
Political power grew from conquering land.
Cultural aspects flourished through sea and trade routes.
Economic aspects flourished through sea and trade routes.
A distinction about empires is that political empires were built mostly by expansion overland.
Economic influences spread at least as much by sea.
Cultural influences spread at least as much by sea.
Some of the main aspects of trade that went overseas consisted of animals.
Some of the main aspects of trade that went overseas consisted of plant products.
European empires in Asia and Africa have come to be seen as classic forms of imperialism.
Most books on the subject confine themselves to the European seaborne empires.
European expansion caused the world to be divided.
The world is divided by how developed nations are portrayed through the world systems theory.
The world is divided by how developing nations are portrayed through the world systems theory.
The two main regions are the core.
The two main regions are the periphery.
The core consists of high areas of income.
The core consists of high areas of profit.
The periphery is on the opposing side of the spectrum.
The periphery consists of areas of low income.
The periphery consists of areas of low profit.
These critical theories of Geo-politics have led to increased discussion.
The discussion focuses on the meaning of imperialism.
The discussion focuses on the impact of imperialism on the modern post-colonial world.
The Russian leader Lenin suggested a theory about imperialism.
Lenin claimed that imperialism was the highest form of capitalism.
Lenin claimed that imperialism developed after colonialism.
Lenin distinguished imperialism from colonialism by monopoly capitalism.
The idea from Lenin stresses the importance of a new political world order.
The new political world order has become important in the modern era.
Geopolitics now focuses on states becoming major economic players in the market.
Some states today are viewed as empires.
Some states are viewed as empires due to their political authority over other nations.
Some states are viewed as empires due to their economic authority over other nations.
The term 'imperialism' is often conflated with 'colonialism'.
Many scholars have argued that imperialism has its own distinct definition.
Many scholars have argued that colonialism has its own distinct definition.
Imperialism has been used to describe one's superiority.
Imperialism has been used to describe one's domination.
Imperialism has been used to describe one's influence upon a person or group of people.
Colonialism has been used to describe one's superiority.
Colonialism has been used to describe one's domination.
Colonialism has been used to describe one's influence upon a person or group of people.
Robert Young writes that imperialism operates from the center.
Imperialism is a state policy.
Imperialism is developed for ideological reasons.
Imperialism is developed for financial reasons.
Colonialism is the development for settlement intentions.
Colonialism is the development for commercial intentions.
Colonialism in modern usage tends to imply a degree of geographic separation.
The geographic separation is between the colony and the imperial power.
Edward Said distinguishes the difference between imperialism and colonialism.
Edward Said states that imperialism involved the practice, the theory, and the attitudes of a dominating metropolitan center ruling a distant territory.
Edward Said states that colonialism refers to the implanting of settlements on a distant territory.
Contiguous land empires such as the Russian Empire are generally excluded from discussions of colonialism.
Contiguous land empires such as the Ottoman Empire are generally excluded from discussions of colonialism.
Imperialism includes some form of colonialism.
Colonialism does not automatically imply imperialism.
Colonialism lacks a political focus.
No content provided for decomposition.
Imperialism dictates the political and economic advantage over a land.
Colonialism dictates the political and economic advantage over a land.
Imperialism dictates the political and economic advantage over the indigenous populations that it controls.
Colonialism dictates the political and economic advantage over the indigenous populations that it controls.
Scholars sometimes find it difficult to illustrate the difference between imperialism and colonialism.
Imperialism focuses on the suppression of an other.
Colonialism focuses on the suppression of an other.
Colonialism refers to the process of a country taking physical control of another.
Imperialism refers to the political dominance of a country.
Imperialism refers to the monetary dominance of a country.
Imperialism can be either formally or informally exercised.
Colonialism is seen to be the architect deciding how to start dominating areas.
Imperialism can be seen as creating the idea behind conquest.
Imperialism cooperates with colonialism.
Colonialism is when an imperial nation begins a conquest over an area.
The imperial nation eventually is able to rule over the areas that the previous nation had controlled.
Colonialism's core meaning is the exploitation of valuable assets and supplies.
Valuable assets and supplies belong to the nation that was conquered.
The conquering nation gains benefits from the spoils of the war.
The meaning of imperialism is to create an empire.
Imperialism involves conquering the lands of other states.
Conquering the lands of other states increases the dominance of the imperial state.
Colonialism is the builder of the colonial possessions in an area.
Colonialism is the preserver of the colonial possessions in an area.
Colonial possessions are maintained in an area by a population coming from a foreign region.
Colonialism can completely change the existing social structure of an area.
Colonialism can completely change the physical structure of an area.
Colonialism can completely change the economics of an area.
It is not unusual that the characteristics of the conquering peoples are inherited by the conquered indigenous populations.
A controversial aspect of imperialism is the defense of empire-building.
A controversial aspect of imperialism is the justification of empire-building.
The defense and justification of empire-building are based on seemingly rational grounds.
Hobson identifies a justification on general grounds.
The justification states that it is desirable that the earth should be peopled.
The justification states that the earth should be governed.
The justification states that the earth should be developed.
The justification states that this should be done as far as possible by the races which can do this work best.
The races of highest social efficiency exist.
The races of highest social efficiency are characterized by their social efficiency.
Many others argued that imperialism is justified.
Many others provided several different reasons for the justification of imperialism.
Friedrich Ratzel believed that imperialism was needed for a state to survive.
Friedrich Ratzel was a proponent of the idea that imperialism is essential for state survival.
Halford Mackinder felt that Great Britain needed to be one of the greatest imperialists.
Halford Mackinder justified imperialism.
The purportedly scientific nature of Social Darwinism formed a supposedly rational justification for imperialism.
A theory of races formed a supposedly rational justification for imperialism.
The rhetoric of colonizers being racially superior appears to have achieved its purpose.
The concept of 'whiteness' is still prized throughout Latin America today.
Various forms of blanqueamiento are common in Latin America.
Blanqueamiento refers to the process of whitening.
The Royal Geographical Society of London had great influence.
Other geographical societies in Europe had great influence.
The Royal Geographical Society of London and other geographical societies in Europe were able to fund travelers.
Travelers would come back with tales of their discoveries.
These societies served as a space for travellers to share stories.
These societies served as a space for travellers.
Friedrich Ratzel was a political geographer from Germany.
Halford Mackinder was a political geographer from Britain.
Friedrich Ratzel supported imperialism.
Halford Mackinder supported imperialism.
Ratzel believed that expansion was necessary for a state’s survival.
Mackinder supported Britain’s imperial expansion.
The arguments of Ratzel and Mackinder dominated the discipline for decades.
Geographical theories such as environmental determinism suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people.
Uncivilized people were in need of European guidance.
Ellen Churchill Semple was an American geographer.
Ellen Churchill Semple argued that human beings originated in the tropics.
Ellen Churchill Semple argued that human beings were only able to become fully human in the temperate zone.
Tropicality can be paralleled with Edward Said’s Orientalism.
Edward Said’s Orientalism is the west’s construction of the east as the 'other'.
Siad is a scholar.
Orientalism allowed Europe to establish itself as the superior entity.
Orientalism allowed Europe to establish itself as the norm.
The establishment of Europe as the superior and the norm justified its dominance over the essentialized Orient.
The principles of imperialism are often generalizable to the policies and practices of the British Empire.
The principles of imperialism are applicable during the last generation.
The principles of imperialism proceed rather by diagnosis than by historical description.
British imperialism often used the concept of Terra nullius.
Terra nullius is a Latin expression.
The Latin expression Terra nullius stems from Roman law.
The meaning of Terra nullius is 'empty land'.
The country of Australia serves as a case study in relation to British settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century.
The British settlement and colonial rule of Australia was premised on terra nullius.
The settlers of Australia considered the continent unused by its sparse Aboriginal inhabitants.
Orientalism refers to how the West developed an imaginative geography of the East.
Edward Said theorized Orientalism.
This imaginative geography relies on an essentializing discourse.
The essentializing discourse does not represent the diversity of the East.
The essentializing discourse does not represent the social reality of the East.
The discourse essentializes the East.
The discourse uses the idea of place-based identities.
The discourse creates difference between 'we' the West and 'them' the East.
The discourse creates distance between 'here' in the West and 'there' in the East.
The difference was particularly apparent in textual works of early European studies of the Orient.
The difference was particularly apparent in visual works of early European studies of the Orient.
Early European studies of the Orient positioned the East as irrational.
Early European studies of the Orient positioned the East as backward.
Early European studies of the Orient positioned the West as rational.
Early European studies of the Orient positioned the West as progressive.
The East was positioned in opposition to the rational and progressive West.
Defining the East as a negative vision of itself increased the West’s sense of self.
Defining the East as its inferior increased the West’s sense of self.
Defining the East was a way of ordering the East.
Defining the East made the East known to the West.
Making the East known to the West allowed the West to dominate the East.
Making the East known to the West allowed the West to control the East.
The discourse of Orientalism served as an ideological justification of early Western imperialism.
The discourse of Orientalism formed a body of knowledge and ideas.
The body of knowledge and ideas rationalized social control of other territories.
The body of knowledge and ideas rationalized cultural control of other territories.
The body of knowledge and ideas rationalized political control of other territories.
The body of knowledge and ideas rationalized economic control of other territories.
Bassett focuses his analysis of the role of nineteenth-century maps during the scramble for Africa.
The idea being illustrated is related to the role of maps.
The scramble for Africa refers to the period of rapid colonization of the African continent by European powers in the late 19th century.
He states that maps contributed to empire.
Maps promoted the extension of French power into West Africa.
Maps assisted the extension of French power into West Africa.
Maps legitimized the extension of French power into West Africa.
Maps promoted the extension of British power into West Africa.
Maps assisted the extension of British power into West Africa.
Maps legitimized the extension of British power into West Africa.
The analysis of nineteenth-century cartographic techniques was conducted by an unnamed individual.
The unnamed individual highlights the use of blank space to denote unknown territory.
The unnamed individual highlights the use of blank space to denote unexplored territory.
The incentives were provided for imperial powers to obtain information.
The incentives were provided for colonial powers to obtain information.
The information was to fill in blank spaces on contemporary maps.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of Japan.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of Korea.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of the Assyrian Empire.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of the Chinese Empire.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of the Roman Empire.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of Greece.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of the Byzantine Empire.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of the Persian Empire.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of the Ottoman Empire.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of Ancient Egypt.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of the British Empire.
Imperialism has played an important role in the history of India.
Imperialism has played an important role in the histories of many other empires.
Imperialism was a basic component to the conquests of Genghis Khan.
Genghis Khan was a leader during the Mongol Empire.
Imperialism was also a basic component to the conquests of other war-lords.
Historically recognized Muslim empires number in the dozens.
Sub-Saharan Africa has featured dozens of empires.
The empires in Sub-Saharan Africa predate the European colonial era.
The Ethiopian Empire is one of the empires in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The Oyo Empire is one of the empires in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The Asante Union is one of the empires in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The Luba Empire is one of the empires in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The Lunda Empire is one of the empires in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The Mutapa Empire is one of the empires in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The Americas had large empires during the pre-Columbian era.
One of the large empires in the Americas was the Aztec Empire.
Another large empire in the Americas was the Incan Empire.
Cultural imperialism is a phenomenon.
Cultural imperialism occurs when a country's influence is felt in social circles.
Cultural imperialism occurs when a country's influence is felt in cultural circles.
Soft power is a form of influence.
Soft power can change the moral worldview of another.
Soft power can change the cultural worldview of another.
Soft power can change the societal worldview of another.
This phenomenon is more than just foreign music, television, or film becoming popular with young people.
Popular culture is changing the expectations of young people regarding life.
Young people have a desire for their own country to become more like the foreign country depicted in popular culture.
Depictions of opulent American lifestyles were present in the soap opera Dallas during the Cold War.
The soap opera Dallas changed the expectations of Romanians.
A more recent example is the influence of smuggled South Korean drama series in North Korea.
The importance of soft power is recognized by authoritarian regimes.
Authoritarian regimes fight soft power influence with bans on foreign popular culture.
Authoritarian regimes fight soft power influence with control of the internet.
Authoritarian regimes fight soft power influence with bans on unauthorized satellite dishes.
The usage of culture is not recent.
Part of Roman imperialism involved exposing local elites to the benefits and luxuries of Roman culture and lifestyle.
The aim of exposing local elites to Roman culture and lifestyle was that they would then become willing participants.
The Age of Imperialism was a time period beginning around 1700.
The Age of Imperialism saw generally European industrializing nations engaging in the process of colonizing other parts of the world.
The Age of Imperialism saw generally European industrializing nations engaging in the process of influencing other parts of the world.
The Age of Imperialism saw generally European industrializing nations engaging in the process of annexing other parts of the world.
The purpose of engaging in the process of colonizing, influencing, and annexing other parts of the world was to gain political power.
Imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years.
The term 'Age of Imperialism' generally refers to the activities of European powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century.
The 'Great Game' refers to the geopolitical struggle for influence in Persian lands.
The 'Scramble for Africa' refers to the rapid invasion and colonization of Africa by European powers.
The 'Open Door Policy' refers to the United States policy that aimed to ensure equal trading rights for all nations in China.
During the 20th century, historians John Gallagher and Ronald Robinson constructed a framework for understanding European imperialism.
John Gallagher lived from 1919 to 1980.
Ronald Robinson lived from 1920 to 1999.
Some individuals claim that European imperialism was influential.
Some Europeans rejected the notion that 'imperialism' required formal, legal control by one government over another country.
Historians have been mesmerized by formal empire.
Historians have been mesmerized by maps of the world.
Maps of the world have regions colored red.
The bulk of British emigration went to areas outside the formal British Empire.
The bulk of British trade went to areas outside the formal British Empire.
The bulk of British capital went to areas outside the formal British Empire.
The idea of empire is key to their thinking.
The idea of empire can be pursued informally if possible.
The idea of empire can be pursued formally if necessary.
The resources made available by imperialism contributed to the growth of the world's economy.
The world's economy grew significantly in the decades before World War I.
The world's economy became much more interconnected in the decades before World War I.
The many imperial powers became rich and prosperous due to the interconnectedness of the world's economy.
Europe's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth.
Europe's expansion into territorial imperialism involved collecting resources from colonies.
Europe's expansion into territorial imperialism involved assuming political control by military means.
Europe's expansion into territorial imperialism involved assuming political control by political means.
The colonization of India occurred in the mid-18th century.
The colonization of India offers an example of a focus on exploitation.
The British exploited the political weakness of the Mughal state in India.
Military activity was important at various times during the colonization of India.
The economic incorporation of local elites was of crucial significance for the establishment of control over the subcontinent's resources.
The administrative incorporation of local elites was of crucial significance for the establishment of control over the subcontinent's markets.
The administrative incorporation of local elites was of crucial significance for the establishment of control over the subcontinent's manpower.
A substantial number of colonies had been designed to provide economic profit.
The colonies were designed to ship resources to home ports.
The design of these colonies occurred in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
Fieldhouse suggests a different perspective regarding the economic purpose of colonies.
Fieldhouse suggests that the idea of colonies providing economic profit is not necessarily valid in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
Fieldhouse's suggestion applies to places such as Africa and Asia.
Advancements in communication occurred in Europe.
Europe continued to advance in military technology.
European chemists made deadly explosives.
Deadly explosives could be used in combat.
European chemists were able to manufacture improved firearms with innovations in machinery.
By the 1880s, the machine gun had become an effective battlefield weapon.
This technology gave European armies an advantage over their opponents.
Armies in less-developed countries were still fighting with arrows.
Armies in less-developed countries were still fighting with swords.
Armies in less-developed countries were still fighting with leather shields.
The Zulus were a group of people.
The Zulus lived in Southern Africa.
The Anglo-Zulu War occurred in 1879.
In anglophone academic works, theories regarding imperialism are often based on the British experience.
Anglophone academic works refer to academic works written in English.
The term 'Imperialism' was originally introduced into English in its present sense in the late 1870s.
The term 'Imperialism' was introduced by opponents of the allegedly aggressive and ostentatious imperial policies.
The opponents of the imperial policies were critical of the policies of British Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli.
Benjamin Disraeli was the British Prime Minister.
The concept was shortly appropriated by supporters of imperialism.
Joseph Chamberlain was a supporter of imperialism.
For some, imperialism designated a policy of idealism.
For some, imperialism designated a policy of philanthropy.
Others alleged that imperialism was characterized by political self-interest.
A growing number associated imperialism with capitalist greed.
John A is a liberal.
Hobson added a more theoretical macroeconomic connotation to the term.
Vladimir Lenin was a Marxist.
Vladimir Lenin added a more theoretical macroeconomic connotation to the term.
Lenin exerted substantial influence over later Marxist conceptions of imperialism.
Lenin's work is titled Imperialism, the Highest Stage of Capitalism.
In his writings, Vladimir Lenin portrayed Imperialism as a natural extension of capitalism.
Imperialism arose from the need for capitalist economies to constantly expand investment.
Imperialist expansion also arose from the need for capitalist economies to constantly expand material resources.
Imperialist expansion arose from the need for capitalist economies to constantly expand manpower.
The expansion of investment, material resources, and manpower necessitated colonial expansion.
The conception of imperialism is a structural feature of capitalism.
The conception of imperialism is echoed by later Marxist theoreticians.
Many theoreticians on the left have emphasized the structural character of imperialism.
Many theoreticians on the left have emphasized the systemic character of imperialism.
Such writers have expanded the time period associated with the term.
The term now designates neither a policy nor a short space of decades in the late 19th century.
The term designates a world system extending over a period of centuries.
The world system often goes back to Christopher Columbus.
In some accounts, the world system goes back to the Crusades.
The application of the term has expanded.
The meaning of the term has shifted along five distinct axes.
The five distinct axes are the moral axis, the economic axis, the systemic axis, the cultural axis, and the temporal axis.
The five distinct axes are often parallel.
Those changes reflect a growing unease with the fact of power.
Those changes reflect a growing squeamishness with the fact of power.
Those changes reflect shifts in sensibility.
The fact of power specifically refers to Western power.
The correlation between capitalism, aristocracy, and imperialism has long been debated.
Historians have debated the correlation between capitalism, aristocracy, and imperialism.
Political theorists have debated the correlation between capitalism, aristocracy, and imperialism.
Much of the debate was pioneered by theorists.
The theorists include J.
Hobson was born in 1858 and died in 1940.
Joseph Schumpeter was born in 1883 and died in 1950.
Thorstein Veblen was born in 1857 and died in 1929.
Norman Angell was born in 1872 and died in 1967.
These non-Marxist writers were at their most prolific before World War I.
These non-Marxist writers remained active in the interwar years.
The combined work informed the study of imperialism.
The study of imperialism examines its impact on Europe.
The combined work contributed to reflections on the rise of the military-political complex in the United States.
The rise of the military-political complex in the United States occurred from the 1950s.
Hobson argued that domestic social reforms could cure the international disease of imperialism.
Hobson argued that domestic social reforms could remove the economic foundation of imperialism.
Hobson theorized that state intervention through taxation could boost broader consumption.
Hobson theorized that state intervention through taxation could create wealth.
Hobson theorized that state intervention through taxation could encourage a peaceful, tolerant, multipolar world order.
The concept of environmental determinism served as a moral justification for domination.
Environmental determinism was used to justify the domination of certain territories.
Environmental determinism was used to justify the domination of certain peoples.
It was believed that a certain person's behaviours were determined by the environment in which the certain person lived.
The environment in which the certain person lived validated the certain person's domination.
People living in tropical environments were seen as 'less civilized'.
The perception of people living in tropical environments justified colonial control.
Colonial control was justified as a civilizing mission.
There were three waves of European colonialism.
The first wave of European colonialism occurred in the Americas.
The second wave of European colonialism occurred in Asia.
The last wave of European colonialism occurred in Africa.
Environmental determinism was used during the three waves of European colonialism.
Environmental determinism was used to categorically place indigenous people in a racial hierarchy.
This concept takes two forms.
One form is orientalism.
The other form is tropicality.
According to geographic scholars, the world could be split into climatic zones.
Geographic scholars studied under colonizing empires.
These scholars believed that Northern Europe produced a hard-working, moral, and upstanding human being.
These scholars believed that the Mid-Atlantic temperate climate produced a hard-working, moral, and upstanding human being.
Tropical climates yielded lazy attitudes.
Tropical climates yielded sexual promiscuity.
Tropical climates yielded exotic culture.
Tropical climates yielded moral degeneracy.
The people of these climates were believed to be in need of guidance and intervention from the European empire.
The European empire was believed to aid in the governing of a more evolved social structure.
The people of these climates were seen as incapable of governing a more evolved social structure.
Orientalism is a view of a people.
The view of a people is based on their geographical location.
It seems that you have not provided any content to decompose.
Please provide the text or content you would like me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
Britain had imperialist ambitions.
Britain's imperialist ambitions can be seen as early as the sixteenth century.
The British East India Company was established in 1599.
The British East India Company was chartered by Queen Elizabeth in the following year.
The British established trading posts in India.
The establishment of trading posts in India allowed the British to maintain strength relative to other empires.
The Portuguese had already set up trading posts in India.
In 1767, political activity caused exploitation of the East India Company.
The exploitation of the East India Company caused the plundering of the local economy.
The plundering of the local economy almost brought the East India Company into bankruptcy.
France took control of Algeria in 1830.
France began to rebuild its worldwide empire in earnest after 1850.
France concentrated chiefly in North Africa.
France concentrated chiefly in West Africa.
France concentrated chiefly in South-East Asia.
France had other conquests in Central Africa.
France had other conquests in East Africa.
France had other conquests in the South Pacific.
Republicans were initially hostile to empire.
Republicans only became supportive of empire when Germany started to build its own colonial empire.
The new empire developed over time.
The new empire took on roles of trade with France.
The new empire supplied raw materials to France.
The new empire purchased manufactured items from France.
The new empire lent prestige to the motherland.
The new empire spread French civilization.
The new empire spread the French language.
The new empire spread Catholicism.
The entity provided crucial manpower in both World Wars.
The entity refers to a specific organization or group.
The action became a moral justification.
The moral justification was to lift the world up to French standards.
The lifting of the world involved bringing Christianity.
The lifting of the world involved bringing French culture.
In 1884, Jules Ferry was the leading exponent of colonialism.
Jules Ferry declared that France had a civilising mission.
Jules Ferry stated that the higher races have a right over the lower races.
Jules Ferry stated that the higher races have a duty to civilize the inferior races.
Full citizenship rights were offered.
The term 'assimilation' refers to the process of integrating individuals into a larger group.
In reality, assimilation was always on the distant horizon.
France sent small numbers of settlers to its colonies.
The only notable exception of French settlers was Algeria.
In Algeria, French settlers always remained a small minority.
Charles de Gaulle was a leader during World War II.
The Free French was a movement during World War II.
Charles de Gaulle and the Free French used the overseas colonies as bases.
Charles de Gaulle and the Free French fought to liberate France.
Anti-colonial movements began to challenge the Empire after 1945.
France fought a bitter war in Vietnam in the 1950s.
France lost the bitter war in Vietnam in the 1950s.
The French won the war in Algeria.
Charles de Gaulle was the French leader at the time.
Charles de Gaulle decided to grant Algeria independence in 1962.
The settlers relocated to France.
Many local supporters relocated to France.
Nearly all of France's colonies gained independence by 1960.
France retained great financial influence.
France retained great diplomatic influence.
A country has repeatedly sent troops to assist its former colonies in Africa.
The purpose of sending troops is to assist in suppressing insurrections.
The purpose of sending troops is to assist in suppressing coups d’état.
Germanic tribes originated from their homelands in Scandinavia and northern Europe.
Germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western Europe in the middle period of classical antiquity.
Germanic tribes expanded into southern Europe in late antiquity.
Germanic tribes conquered Celtic and other peoples.
By 800 CE, Germanic tribes formed the Holy Roman Empire.
The Holy Roman Empire was the first German Empire.
There was no real systemic continuity from the Western Roman Empire to its German successor.
The German successor was famously described as 'not holy, not Roman, and not an empire.'
A great number of small states and principalities existed in the loosely autonomous confederation.
By 1000 CE, the Germanic conquest of central Europe was complete.
By 1000 CE, the Germanic conquest of western Europe was complete.
By 1000 CE, the Germanic conquest of southern Europe was complete.
The Germanic conquest included Italy.
The Germanic conquest excluded Muslim Iberia.
There was little cultural integration.
There was little national identity.
"Germany" remained largely a conceptual term.
"Germany" referred to an amorphous area of central Europe.
Germany was not a maritime power.
Germany was not a nation-state.
Germany would eventually become a nation-state.
Germany's participation in Western imperialism was negligible until the late 19th century.
The participation of Austria was primarily a result of Habsburg control of the First Empire.
The participation of Austria was primarily a result of Habsburg control of the Spanish throne.
The participation of Austria was primarily a result of Habsburg control of other royal houses.
The defeat of Napoleon caused the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire.
Prussia continued to stand aloof from imperialism after the defeat of Napoleon.
The German states continued to stand aloof from imperialism after the defeat of Napoleon.
Prussia and the German states preferred to manipulate the European system through the Concert of Europe.
Prussia unified the other states into the second German Empire after the Franco-German War.
Otto von Bismarck was the long-time Chancellor of Prussia from 1862 to 1890.
Otto von Bismarck long opposed colonial acquisitions.
Otto von Bismarck argued that the burden of obtaining colonial possessions would outweigh any potential benefits.
Otto von Bismarck argued that the burden of maintaining colonial possessions would outweigh any potential benefits.
Otto von Bismarck argued that the burden of defending colonial possessions would outweigh any potential benefits.
He felt that colonies did not pay for themselves.
He felt that the German bureaucratic system would not work well in the tropics.
He felt that the diplomatic disputes over colonies would distract Germany from its central interest.
Germany's central interest is Europe itself.
In 1883–84, Germany began to build a colonial empire in Africa.
In 1883–84, Germany began to build a colonial empire in the South Pacific.
Germany lost interest in imperialism after building a colonial empire.
Historians have debated the reasons for Germany's sudden move.
Germany made a sudden move.
The move made by Germany was short-lived.
Bismarck was aware that public opinion had started to demand colonies.
The demand for colonies was for reasons of German prestige.
He was influenced by Hamburg merchants.
Hamburg merchants were traders.
Hamburg merchants were his neighbors at Friedrichsruh.
The establishment of the German colonial empire proceeded smoothly.
The establishment of the German colonial empire started with German New Guinea in 1884.
The First Sino-Japanese War occurred in 1894.
Japan absorbed Taiwan during the First Sino-Japanese War.
The Russo-Japanese War occurred in 1905.
As a result of the Russo-Japanese War, Japan took part of Sakhalin Island from Russia.
Sakhalin Island was previously under the control of Russia.
Korea was annexed.
The annexation of Korea occurred in 1910.
During World War I, Japan took German-leased territories in China’s Shandong Province.
Japan took the Mariana Islands.
Japan took the Caroline Islands.
Japan took the Marshall Islands.
In 1918, Japan occupied parts of far eastern Russia.
In 1918, Japan occupied parts of eastern Siberia.
Japan was a participant in the Siberian Intervention.
In 1931, Japan conquered Manchuria.
Manchuria was a region that was part of China.
During the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937, Japan's military invaded central China.
By the end of the Pacific War, Japan had conquered much of the Far East.
Japan conquered Hong Kong.
Japan conquered Vietnam.
Japan conquered Cambodia.
Japan conquered Myanmar.
Japan conquered the Philippines.
Japan conquered Indonesia.
Japan conquered part of New Guinea.
Japan conquered some islands of the Pacific Ocean.
Japan invaded Thailand.
Japan pressured Thailand into a Thai/Japanese alliance.
The colonial ambitions of the unnamed entity were ended by the victory of the United States in the Second World War.
The victory of the United States in the Second World War was followed by treaties.
The treaties remanded the territories to American administration.
The treaties remanded the territories to their original owners.
Bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity by 1921.
The polity reestablished by Bolshevik leaders had roughly the same extent as that empire.
The polity reestablished by Bolshevik leaders had an internationalist ideology.
Lenin asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory.
The policy of 'Indigenization' began in 1923.
The policy of 'Indigenization' was intended to support non-Russians.
The policy of 'Indigenization' aimed to help non-Russians develop their national cultures.
The development of national cultures was to occur within a socialist framework.
The policy was never formally revoked.
The policy stopped being implemented after 1932.
After World War II, the Soviet Union installed socialist regimes in Eastern Europe.
The socialist regimes were modeled on those the Soviet Union had installed in 1919–20.
The Soviet Union had installed socialist regimes in the old Tsarist Empire.
The socialist regimes were installed in areas occupied by Soviet forces in Eastern Europe.
The Soviet Union supported post–World War II communist movements in foreign nations and colonies to advance its own interests.
The People's Republic of China supported post–World War II communist movements in foreign nations and colonies to advance its own interests.
The Soviet Union was not always successful in supporting post–World War II communist movements in foreign nations and colonies.
The People's Republic of China was not always successful in supporting post–World War II communist movements in foreign nations and colonies.
Trotsky believed that the revolution could only succeed in Russia as part of a world revolution.
Others believed that the revolution could only succeed in Russia as part of a world revolution.
Vladimir Lenin wrote extensively on the matter.
Vladimir Lenin famously declared that Imperialism was the highest stage of capitalism.
After Lenin's death, Joseph Stalin established 'socialism in one country' for the Soviet Union.
Joseph Stalin created the model for subsequent inward looking Stalinist states.
Joseph Stalin purged the early Internationalist elements.
The internationalist tendencies of the early revolution would be abandoned.
The internationalist tendencies of the early revolution would return in the framework of a client state.
The client state would be in competition with the Americans during the Cold War.
The beginning of the new era occurred in the late 1950s.
The after Stalin period is called the 'thaw'.
Nikita Khrushchev was the new political leader during the thaw.
Nikita Khrushchev put even more pressure on the Soviet-American relations.
Nikita Khrushchev started a new wave of anti-imperialist propaganda.
In his speech on the UN conference in 1960, the unnamed speaker announced the continuation of the war on imperialism.
The unnamed speaker stated that soon the people of different countries will come together.
The people of different countries will overthrow their imperialist leaders.
The Soviet Union declared itself anti-imperialist.
Critics argue that the Soviet Union exhibited tendencies common to historic empires.
Some scholars hold a hypothesis about the nature of the Soviet Union.
The Soviet Union was a hybrid entity.
The hybrid entity contained elements common to multinational empires.
The hybrid entity contained elements common to nation states.
It has been argued that the USSR practiced colonialism.
The USSR practiced colonialism as did other imperial powers.
The USSR was carrying on the old Russian tradition of expansion and control.
Mao Zedong once argued that the Soviet Union had become an imperialist power.
The Soviet Union maintained a socialist façade.
The ideas of imperialism were widely spread.
The spread of the ideas of imperialism occurred in action.
The spread of the ideas of imperialism occurred on the higher levels of government.
Non Russian Marxists existed within the Russian Federation and later the USSR.
Sultan Galiev was a Non Russian Marxist.
Vasyl Shakhrai was a Non Russian Marxist.
Sultan Galiev and Vasyl Shakhrai considered the Soviet Regime a renewed version of Russian imperialism.
Sultan Galiev and Vasyl Shakhrai considered the Soviet Regime a renewed version of colonialism.
The First British Empire was based on mercantilism.
The First British Empire involved colonies and holdings.
The colonies and holdings of the First British Empire were primarily in North America.
The colonies and holdings of the First British Empire were primarily in the Caribbean.
The colonies and holdings of the First British Empire were primarily in India.
The growth of the entity was reversed by the loss of the American colonies in 1776.
The American colonies were lost in 1776.
Britain made compensating gains in India.
Britain made compensating gains in Australia.
Britain constructed an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in Latin America.
The independence of Spanish and Portuguese colonies occurred about 1820.
By the 1840s, Britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade.
The policy of free trade gave Britain dominance in the trade of much of the world.
Britain lost its first Empire to the Americans.
After losing its first Empire to the Americans, Britain turned its attention towards Asia.
After losing its first Empire to the Americans, Britain turned its attention towards Africa.
After losing its first Empire to the Americans, Britain turned its attention towards the Pacific.
Napoleonic France was defeated in 1815.
Following the defeat of Napoleonic France, Britain enjoyed a century of almost unchallenged dominance.
Britain expanded its imperial holdings around the globe.
Increasing degrees of internal autonomy were granted to the white settler colonies.
The granting of internal autonomy occurred in the 20th century.
A resurgence came in the late 19th century.
The Scramble for Africa occurred in the late 19th century.
There were major additions in Asia in the late 19th century.
There were major additions in the Middle East in the late 19th century.
The British spirit of imperialism was expressed by Joseph Chamberlain.
The British spirit of imperialism was expressed by Lord Rosebury.
The British spirit of imperialism was implemented in Africa by Cecil Rhodes.
The pseudo-sciences of Social Darwinism formed an ideological underpinning during this time.
Theories of race formed an ideological underpinning during this time.
Other influential spokesmen included Lord Cromer.
Other influential spokesmen included Lord Curzon.
Other influential spokesmen included General Kitchner.
Other influential spokesmen included Lord Milner.
Other influential spokesmen included Rudyard Kipling.
Rudyard Kipling was a writer.
The British Empire was the largest Empire that the world has ever seen.
The British Empire was the largest Empire in terms of landmass.
The British Empire was the largest Empire in terms of population.
The power of the entity remained unmatched.
The power of the entity was both military and economic.
The early United States expressed its opposition to Imperialism.
The opposition to Imperialism was distinct from the early United States' own Manifest Destiny.
The early United States expressed its opposition to Imperialism through policies such as the Monroe Doctrine.
The Monroe Doctrine was a policy of the early United States.
Beginning in the late 19th century, policies such as Theodore Roosevelt’s interventionism in Central America changed the situation.
Beginning in the early 20th century, policies such as Theodore Roosevelt’s interventionism in Central America changed the situation.
Theodore Roosevelt was a proponent of interventionism in Central America.
Woodrow Wilson had a mission to 'make the world safe for democracy'.
Woodrow Wilson's mission changed the situation.
They were often backed by military force.
They were more often affected from behind the scenes.
The concept of hegemony is a general notion.
The concept of imperium is a general notion.
The general notions of hegemony and imperium are associated with historical empires.
In 1898, Americans opposed imperialism.
Americans who opposed imperialism created the Anti-Imperialist League.
The purpose of the Anti-Imperialist League was to oppose the US annexation of the Philippines.
The purpose of the Anti-Imperialist League was to oppose the US annexation of Cuba.
One year later, a war erupted in the Philippines.
The war caused business leaders in the United States to condemn America's occupation in the Philippines.
The war caused labor leaders in the United States to condemn America's occupation in the Philippines.
The war caused government leaders in the United States to condemn America's occupation in the Philippines.
Business leaders in the United States condemned America's occupation in the Philippines for causing the deaths of many Filipinos.
Labor leaders in the United States condemned America's occupation in the Philippines for causing the deaths of many Filipinos.
Government leaders in the United States condemned America's occupation in the Philippines for causing the deaths of many Filipinos.
American foreign policy was denounced as a 'racket' by Smedley Butler.
Smedley Butler was an American general.
He said a statement.
The statement is about looking back on a situation.
He might have given hints.
The hints were given to Al Capone.
Al Capone is a historical figure.
The best action that he could take was to operate his racket in three districts.
He operated his racket in three districts.
I operated on three continents.
The three continents are distinct geographical regions.
One key figure in the plans for what would come to be known as American Empire was a geographer.
Isiah Bowman was a geographer.
Bowman was the director of the American Geographical Society.
Bowman held the position of director in 1914.
Three years later in 1917, a person was appointed to an inquiry.
The inquiry was associated with then President Woodrow Wilson.
The appointment occurred in 1917.
The inquiry was the idea of President Wilson.
President Wilson was a president.
The inquiry was the idea of the American delegation from the Paris Peace Conference.
The American delegation was from the Paris Peace Conference.
The point of this inquiry was to build a premise.
The premise would allow for U.
The authorship of a 'new world' was proposed.
The 'new world' was to be characterized by geographical order.
Isiah Bowman had a role in the inquiry.
As a result of Isiah Bowman's role in the inquiry, Isiah Bowman would come to be known as Wilson's geographer.
It seems that the content you would like me to decompose is missing.
Please provide the text or content you want me to work on, and I will be happy to assist you!
Some individuals have described the internal strife between various people groups as a form of imperialism.
Some individuals have described the internal strife between various people groups as a form of colonialism.
The internal form is distinct from informal U.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or unclear.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition.
I will be happy to assist you.
Imperialism can take the form of political hegemony.
Imperialism can take the form of financial hegemony.
This internal form of imperialism is distinct from the formation of colonies abroad by the United States.
The formation of colonies abroad by the United States is a separate concept from internal forms of imperialism.
The United States treated its indigenous peoples during westward expansion.
The treatment of indigenous peoples during westward expansion caused the United States to take on the form of an imperial power.
The United States took on the form of an imperial power prior to any attempts at external imperialism.
The internal form of empire has been referred to as 'internal colonialism'.
Participation in the African slave trade involved the enslavement of 12 to 15 million Africans.
The treatment of 12 to 15 million Africans during the African slave trade was harsh.
Some individuals view participation in the African slave trade as a more modern extension of America's internal colonialism.
Internal colonialism faced resistance.
External colonialism faced resistance.
The anti-colonial presence was far less prominent than the resistance to external colonialism.
The nearly complete dominance was asserted by the United States over indigenous peoples.
The nearly complete dominance was asserted by the United States over African-Americans.
Edward Said made a bold statement on modern imperialism in the United States during his lecture on April 16, 2003.
Edward Said described the United States as using aggressive means of attack towards the contemporary Orient.
Edward Said attributed the aggressive means of attack to the backward living of the contemporary Orient.
Edward Said attributed the aggressive means of attack to the lack of democracy in the contemporary Orient.
Edward Said attributed the aggressive means of attack to the violation of women’s rights in the contemporary Orient.
The western world forgets during the process of converting the other.
Enlightenment is a concept that not all will agree upon.
Democracy is a concept that not all will agree upon.
The Ottoman Empire was an imperial state.
The Ottoman Empire lasted from 1299 to 1923.
During the 16th and 17th centuries, the Ottoman Empire was a powerful multinational, multilingual empire.
The Ottoman Empire was at the height of its power under the reign of Suleiman the Magnificent.
The Ottoman Empire controlled much of Southeast Europe.
The Ottoman Empire controlled much of Western Asia.
The Ottoman Empire controlled much of the Caucasus.
The Ottoman Empire controlled much of North Africa.
The Ottoman Empire controlled much of the Horn of Africa.
At the beginning of the 17th century, the empire contained 32 provinces.
The empire contained numerous vassal states.
Some entities were later absorbed into the empire.
Other entities were granted various types of autonomy during the course of centuries.
Istanbul was the capital of the Ottoman Empire.
The Ottoman Empire had control of lands around the Mediterranean basin.
The Ottoman Empire was at the center of interactions between the Eastern and Western worlds.
The interactions between the Eastern and Western worlds lasted for six centuries.
The Ottoman Empire experienced a long period of military setbacks against European powers.
The Ottoman Empire gradually declined into the late nineteenth century.
The empire allied with Germany in the early 20th century.
The empire had the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories.
The empire dissolved in the aftermath of World War I.
The dissolution of the empire led to the emergence of the new state of Turkey.
The new state of Turkey emerged in the Ottoman Anatolian heartland.
The dissolution of the empire also led to the creation of modern Balkan states.
The dissolution of the empire also led to the creation of modern Middle Eastern states.
The dissolution of the empire ended Turkish colonial ambitions.
Warsaw is the capital of Poland.
Warsaw is the largest city of Poland.
Warsaw is known as Warszawa in Polish.
Warsaw has other names.
The location stands on the Vistula River.
The Vistula River is located in east-central Poland.
The location is roughly 260 kilometres from the Baltic Sea.
The distance from the location to the Baltic Sea is approximately 160 miles.
The location is roughly 300 kilometres from the Carpathian Mountains.
The distance from the location to the Carpathian Mountains is approximately 190 miles.
The population is estimated at 1.
There are 740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area.
The greater metropolitan area has a population of 740 million residents.
Warsaw has 666 million residents.
666 million residents makes Warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the European Union.
The city limits cover an area of 516.
9 square kilometres is a measurement of area.
9 square kilometres is equivalent to 199 hectares.
The area is 6 square miles.
The metropolitan area covers 6,100 square miles.
43 square kilometres is a measurement of area.
43 square kilometres is equivalent to 2,355 acres.
39 square miles is a measurement of area.
In 2012, the Economist Intelligence Unit ranked Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world.
The Economist Intelligence Unit is an organization that provides economic analysis and forecasts.
Warsaw is a city.
The city was ranked as one of the most liveable cities in Central Europe.
Today, Warsaw is considered an 'Alpha–' global city.
Warsaw is a major international tourist destination.
Warsaw is a significant cultural hub.
Warsaw is a significant political hub.
Warsaw is a significant economic hub.
Warsaw's economy is characterised by FMCG manufacturing.
Warsaw's economy is characterised by metal processing.
Warsaw's economy is characterised by steel manufacturing.
Warsaw's economy is characterised by electronic manufacturing.
Warsaw's economy is characterised by food processing.
The city is a significant centre of research and development.
The city is a significant centre of BPO.
The city is a significant centre of ITO.
The city is a significant centre of the Polish media industry.
The Warsaw Stock Exchange is one of the largest stock exchanges in Central and Eastern Europe.
The Warsaw Stock Exchange is one of the most important stock exchanges in Central and Eastern Europe.
Frontex is the European Union agency for external border security.
Frontex has its headquarters in Warsaw.
Warsaw is one of the cities with the highest number of skyscrapers in the European Union.
Frankfurt is one of the cities with the highest number of skyscrapers in the European Union.
London is one of the cities with the highest number of skyscrapers in the European Union.
Paris is one of the cities with the highest number of skyscrapers in the European Union.
Barcelona is one of the cities with the highest number of skyscrapers in the European Union.
Warsaw has been called Eastern Europe’s chic cultural capital.
Warsaw has a thriving art scene.
Warsaw has a thriving club scene.
Warsaw has serious restaurants.
The first historical reference to Warsaw dates back to the year 1313.
Kraków served as the Polish capital city at the time of the first historical reference to Warsaw.
Warsaw is located centrally between the capitals of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, which are Kraków and Vilnius.
Warsaw became the capital of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Warsaw became the capital of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland.
King Sigismund III Vasa moved his court from Kraków to Warsaw in 1596.
The Third Partition of Poland occurred in 1795.
After the Third Partition of Poland, Warsaw was incorporated into the Kingdom of Prussia.
In 1806, the city became the official capital of the Grand Duchy of Warsaw.
The Grand Duchy of Warsaw was a puppet state of the First French Empire.
The First French Empire was established by Napoleon Bonaparte.
The Napoleonic Wars occurred during the time when the city became the official capital.
The Russian Empire annexed Warsaw in 1815.
The annexation of Warsaw was in accordance with the decisions of the Congress of Vienna.
Warsaw became part of the 'Congress Kingdom' after its annexation.
In 1918, the entity regained independence from foreign rule.
The entity emerged as a new capital of the independent Republic of Poland.
The German invasion occurred in 1939.
The German invasion led to the massacre of the Jewish population.
The German invasion led to deportations to concentration camps.
The massacre of the Jewish population contributed to the uprising in the Warsaw ghetto in 1943.
The deportations to concentration camps contributed to the uprising in the Warsaw ghetto in 1943.
The uprising in the Warsaw ghetto occurred in 1943.
The German invasion and the subsequent events led to the major and devastating Warsaw Uprising.
The major and devastating Warsaw Uprising occurred between August and October 1944.
Warsaw gained the title of the 'Phoenix City'.
Warsaw has survived many wars.
Warsaw has survived many conflicts.
Warsaw has survived many invasions.
Warsaw has a long history.
The city required painstaking rebuilding after the extensive damage.
The extensive damage was suffered by the city in World War II.
World War II destroyed 85% of the city's buildings.
On 9 November 1940, the city was awarded Poland's highest military decoration for heroism.
Poland's highest military decoration for heroism is the Virtuti Militari.
The award was given during the Siege of Warsaw.
The Siege of Warsaw occurred in 1939.
The city is the seat of a Roman Catholic archdiocese.
The Roman Catholic archdiocese is located on the left bank of the Vistula.
The city is the seat of a diocese.
The diocese is located on the right bank of the Vistula.
The city possesses various universities.
The Polish Academy of Sciences is one of the universities in the city.
The University of Warsaw is one of the universities in the city.
The city possesses two opera houses.
The city possesses theatres.
The city possesses museums.
The city possesses libraries.
The city possesses monuments.
The historic city-centre of Warsaw was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1980.
The Old Town of Warsaw is picturesque.
Other main architectural attractions include the Castle Square.
The Castle Square includes the Royal Castle.
The Castle Square includes the iconic King Sigismund's Column.
John's Cathedral displays a richness of colour and architectural detail.
Market Square displays a richness of colour and architectural detail.
Palaces display a richness of colour and architectural detail.
Churches display a richness of colour and architectural detail.
Mansions display a richness of colour and architectural detail.
Buildings represent examples of nearly every European architectural style.
Buildings represent examples of nearly every historical period in Europe.
Warsaw provides many examples of architecture from the gothic period.
Warsaw provides many examples of architecture from the renaissance period.
Warsaw provides many examples of architecture from the baroque period.
Warsaw provides many examples of architecture from the neoclassical period.
Around a quarter of Warsaw is filled with luxurious parks.
Around a quarter of Warsaw is filled with royal gardens.
Warsaw's name in the Polish language is Warszawa.
The pronunciation of Warszawa is approximately /vɑːrˈʃɑːvə/.
Warszawa was formerly spelled as Warszewa.
Warszawa was also formerly spelled as Warszowa.
The name Warszawa means 'belonging to Warsz'.
Warsz is a shortened form of the masculine name of Slavic origin Warcisław.
There is an etymology of Wrocław that is related to the name Warsz.
Folk etymology attributes the city name to a fisherman.
The fisherman was named Wars.
Wars had a wife.
The wife was named Sawa.
According to legend, Sawa was a mermaid.
Sawa lived in the Vistula River.
Wars fell in love with Sawa.
Warsz was a nobleman.
Warsz lived in the 12th century.
Warsz lived in the 13th century.
Warsz owned a village.
The village owned by Warsz is located at the modern-day site of the Mariensztat neighbourhood.
The Vršovci family had escaped to Poland.
The Vršovci family is a named entity.
The official city name in full is miasto stołeczne Warszawa.
The English translation of miasto stołeczne Warszawa is 'The Capital City of Warsaw'.
A native or resident of Warsaw is known as a Varsovian.
In Polish, the term for a male native or resident of Warsaw is warszawiak.
In Polish, the term for a female native or resident of Warsaw is warszawianka.
In Polish, the term for plural natives or residents of Warsaw is warszawiacy.
The first fortified settlements on the site of today's Warsaw were located in Bródno.
Bródno was established in the 9th/10th century.
The first fortified settlements on the site of today's Warsaw were located in Jazdów.
Jazdów was established in the 12th/13th century.
Jazdów was raided by nearby clans and dukes.
A new similar settlement was established on the site of a small fishing village.
The small fishing village was called Warszowa.
Bolesław II of Masovia was the Prince of Płock.
Bolesław II of Masovia established a settlement in about 1300.
The settlement established by Bolesław II of Masovia is the modern-day Warsaw.
In the beginning of the 14th century, a location became one of the seats of the Dukes of Masovia.
The location became the official capital of the Masovian Duchy in 1413.
The economy of 14th-century Warsaw rested on mostly crafts.
The economy of 14th-century Warsaw rested on trade.
The local ducal line became extinct.
The duchy was reincorporated into the Polish Crown in 1526.
In 1529, Warsaw became the seat of the General Sejm for the first time.
The General Sejm became permanent in 1569.
In 1573, the city gave its name to the Warsaw Confederation.
The Warsaw Confederation formally established religious freedom in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Warsaw is located centrally between the Commonwealth's capitals of Kraków and Vilnius.
Warsaw became the capital of the Commonwealth.
Warsaw became the capital of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland.
King Sigismund III Vasa moved his court from Kraków to Warsaw in 1596.
In the following years, the town expanded.
The town expanded towards the suburbs.
Several private independent districts were established.
The private independent districts were the property of aristocrats.
The private independent districts were the property of the gentry.
The private independent districts were ruled by their own laws.
Between 1655 and 1658, the city was under siege three times.
The city was taken and pillaged by Swedish forces three times.
The city was taken and pillaged by Brandenburgian forces three times.
The city was taken and pillaged by Transylvanian forces three times.
Warsaw remained the capital of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth until 1796.
In 1796, Warsaw was annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia.
After the annexation, Warsaw became the capital of the province of South Prussia.
Warsaw was liberated by Napoleon's army in 1806.
Warsaw was made the capital of the newly created Duchy of Warsaw.
Following the Congress of Vienna of 1815, Warsaw became the centre of Congress Poland.
Congress Poland was a constitutional monarchy.
Congress Poland was under a personal union with Imperial Russia.
The Royal University of Warsaw was established in 1816.
Warsaw was occupied by Germany from 4 August 1915 until November 1918.
Germany occupied Warsaw.
The Allied Armistice terms required Germany to withdraw from areas controlled by Russia in 1914.
Article 12 of the Allied Armistice terms specified the requirement for Germany's withdrawal.
The areas controlled by Russia in 1914 included Warsaw.
Germany did so.
Underground leader Józef Piłsudski returned to Warsaw on 11 November.
Józef Piłsudski set up what became the Second Polish Republic.
Warsaw was the capital of the Second Polish Republic.
The Polish-Bolshevik War occurred in 1920.
The huge Battle of Warsaw was fought on the eastern outskirts of the city.
The capital of Poland was successfully defended during the Battle of Warsaw.
The Red Army was defeated during the Battle of Warsaw.
Poland stopped the full brunt of the Red Army by itself.
Poland defeated the idea of the 'export of the revolution'.
The German Invasion of Poland began on 1 September 1939.
The Second World War began after the German Invasion of Poland.
Warsaw was defended until 27 September 1939.
Central Poland came under the rule of the General Government.
The General Government was a German Nazi colonial administration.
Warsaw is located in Central Poland.
All higher education institutions were immediately closed.
Warsaw's entire Jewish population was herded into the Warsaw Ghetto.
Warsaw's entire Jewish population consisted of several hundred thousand individuals.
Warsaw's entire Jewish population represented some 30% of the city.
The city would become the centre of urban resistance to Nazi rule.
Nazi rule was present in occupied Europe.
The order came to annihilate the ghetto as part of Hitler's 'Final Solution' on 19 April 1943.
Jewish fighters launched the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising.
The Ghetto was heavily outgunned.
The Ghetto was outnumbered.
The Ghetto held out for almost a month.
The fighting ended.
Almost all survivors were massacred.
Only a few survivors managed to escape.
Only a few survivors managed to hide.
By July 1944, the Red Army was deep into Polish territory.
The Red Army was pursuing the Germans toward Warsaw.
Stalin was hostile to the idea of an independent Poland.
The Polish government-in-exile was located in London.
The Polish government-in-exile in London gave orders to the underground Home Army.
The underground Home Army is also known as AK.
The orders given to the underground Home Army were to try to seize control of Warsaw from the Germans.
The orders were given before the Red Army arrived.
The Warsaw Uprising began on 1 August 1944.
The Red Army was nearing the city on 1 August 1944.
The armed struggle was planned to last 48 hours.
The armed struggle was partially successful.
The armed struggle went on for 63 days.
The Home Army fighters were forced to capitulate.
Civilians assisting the Home Army fighters were forced to capitulate.
They were transported to PoW camps in Germany.
The entire civilian population was expelled.
Polish civilian deaths are estimated at 150,000.
Polish civilian deaths are estimated at 200,000.
The estimated range for Polish civilian deaths is between 150,000 and 200,000.
After World War II, a Communist regime was set up by the conquering Soviets.
The 'Bricks for Warsaw' campaign was initiated under the Communist regime.
Large prefabricated housing projects were erected in Warsaw to address the housing shortage.
Other typical buildings of an Eastern Bloc city were also constructed in Warsaw.
The Palace of Culture and Science is a typical building of an Eastern Bloc city.
The Palace of Culture and Science was a gift from the Soviet Union.
The city resumed its role as the capital of Poland.
The city is the centre of political life in Poland.
The city is the centre of economic life in Poland.
Many historic streets were restored to their original form.
Many historic buildings were restored to their original form.
Many historic churches were restored to their original form.
In 1980, Warsaw's historic Old Town was inscribed onto UNESCO's World Heritage list.
Warsaw's historic Old Town is a historic site.
John Paul II visited his native country in 1979.
John Paul II visited his native country in 1983.
John Paul II's visits brought support to the budding solidarity movement.
John Paul II's visits encouraged the growing anti-communist fervor in his native country.
In 1979, John Paul became pope.
Less than a year after becoming pope, John Paul celebrated Mass in Victory Square in Warsaw.
John Paul ended his sermon with a call to 'renew the face' of Poland.
John Paul said, 'Let Thy Spirit descend! Let Thy Spirit descend and renew the face of the land! This land!'
The words spoken by John Paul were very meaningful for the Polish citizens.
The Polish citizens understood the words as the incentive for the democratic changes.
Warsaw lies in east-central Poland.
Warsaw is located about 300 km from the Carpathian Mountains.
The distance from Warsaw to the Carpathian Mountains is approximately 190 miles.
Warsaw is located about 260 km from the Baltic Sea.
The distance from Warsaw to the Baltic Sea is approximately 160 miles.
Warsaw is located 523 km east of Berlin.
Berlin is a city in Germany.
The distance from Warsaw to Berlin is approximately 325 miles.
The city straddles the Vistula River.
The Vistula River is a river.
The location is in the heartland of the Masovian Plain.
The average elevation of the location is 100 metres above sea level.
100 metres is equivalent to 330 feet above sea level.
The highest point on the left side of the city lies at a height of 115.
7 metres is a measurement of length.
379 is a numerical value.
The height is 6 feet.
The location is the 'Redutowa' bus depot.
The 'Redutowa' bus depot is located in the district of Wola.
The right side is indicated as 122.
1 metre is a unit of measurement.
400 is a numerical value.
The Groszówka estate is located in the district of Wesoła.
The Groszówka estate is situated by the eastern border.
The Groszówka estate has a size of 6 feet.
The lowest point lies at a height of 75.
6 metres is a measurement of length.
248 is a numerical value.
0 ft is a measurement of height.
0 ft is located at the right bank of the Vistula.
The right bank of the Vistula is by the eastern border of Warsaw.
There are some hills located within the confines of the city.
The hills are mostly artificial.
Warsaw Uprising Hill has a height of 121 metres.
121 metres is equivalent to 397 feet.
Szczęśliwice hill has a height of 138 metres.
138 metres is equivalent to 452 feet.
8 ft is the highest point of Warsaw.
8 ft is a measurement of height.
Warsaw is located on two main geomorphologic formations.
The two main geomorphologic formations are the plain moraine plateau and the Vistula Valley.
The Vistula Valley has an asymmetrical pattern of different terraces.
The Vistula River is the specific axis of Warsaw.
The Vistula River divides the city of Warsaw into two parts.
The two parts of the city of Warsaw are the left part and the right part.
The left one is situated on the moraine plateau.
The moraine plateau has an elevation of 10 to 25 meters.
8 is a number.
82 is a number.
8 is less than 82.
82 is greater than 8.
The height is 0 feet above Vistula level.
The location is on the Vistula terraces.
The maximum height is unspecified.
5 m is a measurement of length.
21 is a numerical value.
The height is 3 feet above the Vistula level.
The significant element of the relief is the edge of a moraine plateau.
The moraine plateau is called the Warsaw Escarpment.
The Warsaw Escarpment is located in this part of Warsaw.
The distance is 20 meters.
The distance is 25 meters.
The distance is equivalent to 65 feet.
6 is a number.
82 is a number.
6 is less than 82.
82 is greater than 6.
The height is 0 feet in the Old Town district.
The height is 0 feet in the Central district.
The height is about 10 meters.
10 meters is equivalent to 32 feet.
The measurement is 8 feet.
The location is in the north of Warsaw.
The location is in the south of Warsaw.
The entity goes through the city.
The entity plays an important role as a landmark.
The plain moraine plateau has only a few natural ponds.
The plain moraine plateau has only a few artificial ponds.
The plain moraine plateau has groups of clay pits.
The pattern of the Vistula terraces is asymmetrical.
The left side consists mainly of two levels.
The highest level contains former flooded terraces.
The lowest level contains the flood plain terrace.
The contemporary flooded terrace still has visible valleys.
The contemporary flooded terrace still has ground depressions.
The ground depressions have water systems coming from the Vistula old riverbed.
The streams are still quite natural.
The lakes are still quite natural.
The pattern of drainage ditches exists.
The right side of Warsaw has a different pattern of geomorphological forms.
There are several levels of the plain Vistula terraces.
The Vistula terraces include flooded levels.
The Vistula terraces include former flooded levels.
There is only a small part of the moraine escarpment.
The moraine escarpment is not very visible.
Aeolian sand covers the highest terrace.
The highest terrace has a number of dunes.
The dunes are parted by peat swamps.
The dunes are parted by small ponds.
The areas are mainly forested.
The type of forest is pine forest.
Warsaw has a mixture of architectural styles.
The mixture of architectural styles reflects the turbulent history of Warsaw.
The mixture of architectural styles reflects the turbulent history of the country.
During the Second World War, Warsaw was razed to the ground.
Warsaw was razed to the ground by bombing raids.
Warsaw was razed to the ground by planned destruction.
Rebuilding began after liberation.
Rebuilding began as in other cities of the communist-ruled Polish People's Republic.
Most of the historical buildings were thoroughly reconstructed.
Some of the buildings from the 19th century had been preserved in reasonably reconstructible form.
Some of the buildings from the 19th century were eradicated in the 1950s.
Some of the buildings from the 19th century were eradicated in the 1960s.
Leopold Kronenberg Palace is a palace.
Leopold Kronenberg Palace is located in Poland.
Mass residential blocks were erected.
The design of the mass residential blocks was basic.
The basic design of the mass residential blocks was typical of Eastern bloc countries.
Gothic architecture is represented in majestic churches.
Gothic architecture is represented at burgher houses.
Gothic architecture is represented at fortifications.
The most significant buildings are St.
John's Cathedral is a 14th century temple.
John's Cathedral is a typical example of the so-called Masovian gothic style.
Mary's Church was built in 1411.
Mary's Church is a town house of the Burbach family.
The Burbach family was active in the 14th century.
Gunpowder Tower was constructed after 1379.
The Royal Castle Curia Maior was built between 1407 and 1410.
The most notable examples of Renaissance architecture in the city include the house of the Baryczko merchant family.
The house of the Baryczko merchant family was built in 1562.
The most notable examples of Renaissance architecture in the city include a building called 'The Negro'.
The building called 'The Negro' was constructed in the early 17th century.
The most notable examples of Renaissance architecture in the city include the Salwator tenement.
The Salwator tenement was built in 1632.
The most interesting examples of mannerist architecture are the Royal Castle.
The Royal Castle was built between 1596 and 1619.
The most interesting examples of mannerist architecture are the Jesuit Church.
The Jesuit Church was built between 1609 and 1626.
The Royal Castle and the Jesuit Church are located at Old Town.
Among the first structures of the early baroque, there are important structures.
St is mentioned as one of the important structures of the early baroque.
Hyacinth's Church was built between 1603 and 1639.
Sigismund's Column was erected in 1644.
Building activity occurred in numerous noble palaces during the later decades of the 17th century.
Building activity occurred in numerous churches during the later decades of the 17th century.
One of the best examples of this architecture is Krasiński Palace.
Krasiński Palace was built between 1677 and 1683.
One of the best examples of this architecture is Wilanów Palace.
Wilanów Palace was built between 1677 and 1696.
One of the best examples of this architecture is St.
Kazimierz Church was built between 1688 and 1692.
The most impressive examples of rococo architecture include Czapski Palace.
Czapski Palace was built between 1712 and 1721.
The most impressive examples of rococo architecture include the Palace of the Four Winds.
The Palace of the Four Winds was built in the 1730s.
The most impressive examples of rococo architecture include Visitationist Church.
The façade of Visitationist Church was built between 1728 and 1761.
The neoclassical architecture in Warsaw can be described by the simplicity of the geometrical forms.
The neoclassical architecture in Warsaw is teamed with a great inspiration from the Roman period.
Some of the best examples of the neoclassical style are the Palace on the Water.
The Palace on the Water was rebuilt from 1775 to 1795.
Some of the best examples of the neoclassical style are Królikarnia.
Królikarnia was built from 1782 to 1786.
Some of the best examples of the neoclassical style are the Carmelite Church.
The façade of the Carmelite Church was constructed from 1761 to 1783.
Some of the best examples of the neoclassical style are the Evangelical Holy Trinity Church.
The Evangelical Holy Trinity Church was built from 1777 to 1782.
The economic growth occurred during the first years of Congress Poland.
The economic growth caused a rapid rise in architecture.
The Neoclassical revival affected all aspects of architecture.
The Great Theater was built between 1825 and 1833.
The Great Theater is a notable example of the Neoclassical revival.
Buildings located at Bank Square were built between 1825 and 1828.
Buildings located at Bank Square are notable examples of the Neoclassical revival.
Exceptional examples of bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war.
The Kronenberg Palace is an example of bourgeois architecture of the later periods.
The Insurance Company Rosja building is an example of bourgeois architecture of the later periods.
Some exceptional examples of bourgeois architecture of the later periods were rebuilt in socialist realism style.
The Warsaw Philharmonic edifice was originally inspired by the Palais Garnier in Paris.
The Warsaw Philharmonic edifice is an example of bourgeois architecture of the later periods.
The Warsaw University of Technology building was constructed between 1899 and 1902.
The Warsaw University of Technology building is considered the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture.
Some 19th-century buildings are located in the Praga district.
The Praga district is on the Vistula’s right bank.
Some 19th-century buildings in the Praga district have been restored.
Many 19th-century buildings in the Praga district have been poorly maintained.
Warsaw’s municipal government authorities have decided to rebuild the Saxon Palace.
Warsaw’s municipal government authorities have decided to rebuild the Brühl Palace.
The Saxon Palace is one of the most distinctive buildings in prewar Warsaw.
The Brühl Palace is one of the most distinctive buildings in prewar Warsaw.
There are many places commemorating the heroic history of Warsaw.
The history of Warsaw is heroic.
Pawiak is an infamous German Gestapo prison.
Pawiak is now occupied by a Mausoleum of Memory of Martyrdom.
Pawiak is also occupied by a museum.
Pawiak is only the beginning of a walk in the traces of Heroic City.
The Warsaw Citadel was an impressive 19th-century fortification.
The Warsaw Citadel was built after the defeat of the November Uprising.
The Warsaw Citadel was a place of martyr for the Poles.
Another important monument is the statue of Little Insurgent.
The statue of Little Insurgent is located at the ramparts of the Old Town.
The statue of Little Insurgent commemorates the children who served as messengers and frontline troops in the Warsaw Uprising.
The Warsaw Uprising Monument was created by Wincenty Kućma.
The Warsaw Uprising Monument was erected in memory of the largest insurrection of World War II.
The Saxon Garden is a garden.
The Saxon Garden covers an area of 15.
5 ha was formally a royal garden.
There are over 100 different species of trees.
The avenues are a place to sit and relax.
The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier is situated at the east end of the park.
In the 19th century, the Krasiński Palace Garden was remodelled.
Franciszek Szanior was the individual who remodelled the Krasiński Palace Garden.
One can still find old trees within the central area of the park.
The old trees date from that period.
The old trees include maidenhair tree.
The old trees include black walnut.
The old trees include Turkish hazel.
The old trees include Caucasian wingnut trees.
The Krasiński Palace Garden has benches.
The Krasiński Palace Garden has flower carpets.
The Krasiński Palace Garden has a pond with ducks.
The Krasiński Palace Garden has a playground for kids.
The Krasiński Palace Garden is a popular strolling destination for the Varsovians.
The Monument of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising is situated here.
The Łazienki Park covers an area of 76 hectares.
The unique character of the park is reflected in its landscape architecture.
The landscape architecture of the park includes pavilions.
The landscape architecture of the park includes sculptures.
The landscape architecture of the park includes bridges.
The landscape architecture of the park includes cascades.
The landscape architecture of the park includes ponds.
The unique history of the park is reflected in its landscape architecture.
The unique character of the park is reflected in its vegetation.
The vegetation of the park includes domestic species of trees.
The vegetation of the park includes foreign species of trees.
The vegetation of the park includes bushes.
The park is different from other green spaces in Warsaw.
The difference is the presence of peacocks in the park.
The peacocks can be seen walking around freely in the park.
The difference also includes the presence of pheasants in the park.
The pheasants can be seen walking around freely in the park.
The park has royal carps in the pond.
The Wilanów Palace Park dates back to the second half of the 17th century.
The area covers 43 hectares.
The central area is styled in French fashion.
The central French-styled area corresponds to the ancient forms of the palace.
The central French-styled area corresponds to the baroque forms of the palace.
The eastern section of the park is closest to the Palace.
The eastern section of the park contains a two-level garden.
The two-level garden has a terrace.
The terrace faces the pond.
The park around the Królikarnia Palace is situated on the old escarpment of the Vistula.
The Królikarnia Palace is a notable landmark.
The park has lanes running deep into the ravines.
The ravines are located on both sides of the palace.
The lanes are running on a few levels.
Other green spaces in the city include the Botanic Garden.
Other green spaces in the city include the University Library garden.
They have an extensive botanical collection of rare domestic plants.
They have an extensive botanical collection of rare foreign plants.
A palm house is located in the New Orangery.
The palm house displays plants of subtropics from all over the world.
Within the city borders, there is Pole Mokotowskie.
Pole Mokotowskie is a big park in the northern Mokotów.
Pole Mokotowskie was the location of the first horse racetrack.
Pole Mokotowskie was the location of the first airport.
Within the city borders, there is Park Ujazdowski.
Park Ujazdowski is close to the Sejm.
Park Ujazdowski is close to John Lennon street.
Within the city borders, there is the Park of Culture and Rest in Powsin.
The Park of Culture and Rest in Powsin is located by the southern city border.
Within the city borders, there is Park Skaryszewski.
Park Skaryszewski is located by the right Vistula bank.
Park Skaryszewski is located in Praga.
The oldest park in Praga is the Praga Park.
The Praga Park was established in 1865–1871.
Jan Dobrowolski designed the Praga Park.
In 1927, a zoological garden was established on the park grounds.
The zoological garden is known as Ogród Zoologiczny.
In 1952, a bear run was established.
The bear run is still open today.
The flora of the city may be considered very rich in species.
The species richness is mainly due to the location of Warsaw within the border region of several big floral regions.
The border region comprises substantial proportions of close-to-wilderness areas.
Close-to-wilderness areas include natural forests and wetlands along the Vistula.
The border region also includes arable land.
The border region includes meadows.
The border region includes forests.
Bielany Forest is located within the borders of Warsaw.
Bielany Forest is the remaining part of the Masovian Primeval Forest.
Bielany Forest nature reserve is connected with Kampinos Forest.
The location is home to rich fauna.
The location is home to rich flora.
There are three cycling trails within the forest.
There are three walking trails within the forest.
Kabaty Forest is a big forest area.
Kabaty Forest is located by the southern city border.
Warsaw has two botanic gardens.
One botanic garden is located by the Łazienki park.
The botanic garden by the Łazienki park is a didactic-research unit of the University of Warsaw.
The other botanic garden is located by the Park of Culture and Rest in Powsin.
The botanic garden by the Park of Culture and Rest in Powsin is a unit of the Polish Academy of Science.
There are 13 natural reserves in Warsaw.
Bielany Forest is one of the natural reserves in Warsaw.
Kabaty Woods is one of the natural reserves in Warsaw.
Czerniaków Lake is one of the natural reserves in Warsaw.
About 15 kilometres from Warsaw, the Vistula river's environment changes strikingly.
The Vistula river's environment features a perfectly preserved ecosystem.
The perfectly preserved ecosystem includes a habitat of animals.
The habitat of animals includes the otter.
The habitat of animals includes the beaver.
The habitat of animals includes hundreds of bird species.
There are several lakes in Warsaw.
The lakes in Warsaw are mainly oxbow lakes.
Czerniaków Lake is one of the lakes in Warsaw.
The lakes in the Łazienki Park are also in Warsaw.
The lakes in the Wilanów Park are also in Warsaw.
Kamionek Lake is one of the lakes in Warsaw.
There are a lot of small lakes in the parks.
Only a few of the small lakes in the parks are permanent.
The majority of the small lakes in the parks are emptied before winter.
The purpose of emptying the majority of the small lakes in the parks before winter is to clean them of plants and sediments.
The city was the most diverse city in Poland demographically.
The city had significant numbers of foreign-born inhabitants.
There was a Polish majority in Warsaw.
There was a significant Jewish minority in Warsaw.
According to the Russian census of 1897, the total population was 638,000.
Jews constituted 219,000 individuals in the total population.
219,000 individuals constituted around 34% of the total population.
Warsaw's prewar Jewish population was more than 350,000.
Warsaw's prewar Jewish population constituted about 30 percent of Warsaw's total population.
In 1933, there were 1,178,914 inhabitants.
Out of 1,178,914 inhabitants, 833,500 inhabitants were of Polish mother tongue.
World War II changed the demographics of the city.
There is much less ethnic diversity in the city than in the previous 300 years of Warsaw's history.
Most of the modern day population growth is based on internal migration.
Most of the modern day population growth is based on urbanisation.
1,300,000 people lived in Warsaw.
In 1945, only 420,000 people lived in Warsaw.
During the first years after the war, the population growth was significant.
The city started to suffer from the lack of flats.
The city started to suffer from the lack of areas for new houses.
The first remedial measure was the Warsaw area enlargement in 1951.
The city authorities were still forced to introduce residency registration limitations.
Only the spouses and children of the permanent residents were allowed to get the registration.
Some persons of public importance were allowed to get the registration.
Renowned specialists were considered persons of public importance.
The introduction of residency registration limitations halved the population growth in the following years.
The statement bolstered some kind of conviction among Poles.
The conviction was that Varsovians thought of themselves as better.
Varsovians thought of themselves as better only because they lived in the capital.
The belief still lives on in Poland.
The belief does not live on in Poland as much as it used to.
Since 1990, there are no limitations to residency registration anymore.
Warsaw has existed for a long time.
Warsaw has been a multi-cultural city.
According to the 1901 census, there were 711,988 inhabitants.
Out of 711,988 inhabitants, 56 were identified as a specific group.
2% of the population were Catholics.
35 is an incomplete statement and lacks context.
7% of the population are Jews.
5% of the population are Greek Orthodox Christians.
2% of the population is unspecified.
8% of the population identifies as Protestants.
Eight years later, the year was 1909.
In 1909, there were 281,754 Jews.
The number of Jews in 1909 was 281,754.
9% is a percentage.
18,189 Protestants is a numerical representation of a group.
The number 18,189 represents the count of Protestants.
4% is a percentage.
2,818 Mariavites is a numerical value.
Mariavites is a group or community.
The construction of hundreds of places of religious worship occurred in all parts of the town.
Most of the entities were destroyed in the aftermath of the Warsaw Uprising of 1944.
The Warsaw Uprising occurred in 1944.
After the war, the new communist authorities of Poland discouraged church construction.
Only a small number of churches were rebuilt.
The basic unit of territorial division in Poland is a commune.
A commune is referred to as gmina in Polish.
A city is a type of commune.
A city has a city charter.
Both cities are governed by a mayor.
Both communes are governed by a mayor.
In the communes, the mayor is called vogt.
Wójt is the Polish term for vogt.
In the cities, the mayor is called burmistrz.
Some bigger cities obtain the entitlements.
Tasks are possessed by the units of the second level of the territorial division.
Privileges are possessed by the units of the second level of the territorial division.
The units of the second level of the territorial division are counties.
The units of the second level of the territorial division are powiats.
An example of such entitlement is a car registration.
A gmina cannot register cars.
Registering cars is a task of a powiat.
A registration number depends on what powiat a car had been registered.
A registration number does not depend on gmina.
In this case, we say about a city county.
A city county is also known as powiat grodzki.
Such cities include Lublin.
Such cities include Kraków.
Such cities include Gdańsk.
Such cities include Poznań.
Warsaw has districts.
The districts of Warsaw have some of powiat's entitlements.
One of the entitlements of powiat is car registration.
The district Wola has its own evidence.
The district Ursynów has its own evidence.
The cars from Wola have a different type of registration number than the cars from Ursynów.
The districts in Kraków do not have entitlements of powiat.
The registration numbers in Kraków are of the same type for all districts.
Legislative power in Warsaw is vested in a unicameral Warsaw City Council.
The Warsaw City Council is also known as Rada Miasta.
The Warsaw City Council comprises 60 members.
Council members are elected directly.
Council members are elected every four years.
The City Council is a legislative body.
Like most legislative bodies, the City Council divides itself into committees.
The committees have the oversight of various functions of the city government.
Bills passed by a simple majority are sent to the mayor.
The mayor is the President of Warsaw.
The mayor may sign the bills into law.
If the mayor vetoes a bill, the Council has 30 days to override the veto.
The Council must achieve a two-thirds majority vote to override the veto.
The mayor of Warsaw is called President.
In Poland, the mayors of bigger cities are called presidents.
Such cities have over 100,000 people.
These cities had a president before 1990.
The first Warsaw President was Jan Andrzej Menich.
Jan Andrzej Menich served as Warsaw President from 1695 to 1696.
Between 1975 and 1990, the Warsaw President held a position.
The Warsaw President was simultaneously the Warsaw Voivode during this time period.
Since 1990, the President of Warsaw has been elected by the City Council.
The City Council is responsible for electing the President of Warsaw.
In the years of 1994–1999, the mayor of the district Centrum was automatically designated as the President of Warsaw.
The mayor of Centrum was elected by the district council of Centrum.
The district council of Centrum was elected only by the Centrum residents.
Since 2002, the President of Warsaw is elected by all of the citizens of Warsaw.
The President of Warsaw is elected by all of the citizens of Warsaw.
Warsaw is a city.
Warsaw has a city centre called Śródmieście.
Śródmieście is home to many national institutions.
Śródmieście is home to many government agencies.
Śródmieście is home to many domestic companies.
Śródmieście is home to many international companies.
In 2006, 304,016 companies were registered in the city.
Warsaw has an ever-growing business community.
Warsaw's ever-growing business community has been noticed globally.
Warsaw's ever-growing business community has been noticed regionally.
Warsaw's ever-growing business community has been noticed nationally.
MasterCard Emerging Market Index has noted Warsaw's economic strength.
MasterCard Emerging Market Index has noted Warsaw as a commercial center.
Warsaw was ranked as the 7th greatest emerging market.
Foreign investors' financial participation in the city's development was estimated in 2002.
The estimated financial participation of foreign investors in the city's development was over 650 million euro.
Warsaw produces 12% of Poland's national income.
In 2008, Poland's national income was 305.
1% of the Polish average is a statistical measure.
160% of the European Union average is a statistical measure.
The GDP per capita in Warsaw amounted to PLN 94,000 in 2008.
The amount is EUR 23,800.
The amount is USD 33,000.
The total nominal GDP of the city in 2010 amounted to 191.
The total amount is 766 billion PLN.
The per capita amount is 111696 PLN.
The per capita amount was 301.1% of the Polish average.
Warsaw leads the region of East-Central Europe in foreign investment.
In 2006, GDP growth in Warsaw met expectations.
The level of GDP growth in Warsaw in 2006 was 6.
1% is a numerical value.
1% represents one part out of one hundred parts.
The entity has one of the fastest growing economies.
The GDP growth of the entity is at 6.
The percentage in 2007 was 5 percent.
The percentage is now 6 percent.
The percentage was 1 percent.
The time period was the first quarter of 2008.
Warsaw's first stock exchange was established in 1817.
Warsaw's first stock exchange continued trading until World War II.
The entity was re-established in April 1991.
The re-establishment occurred following the end of the post-war communist control of the country.
The re-establishment occurred after the reintroduction of a free-market economy.
Today, the Warsaw Stock Exchange is the largest market in the region according to many indicators.
The Warsaw Stock Exchange has 374 companies listed.
The total capitalization of the Warsaw Stock Exchange is 162,584 million EUR as of 31 August 2009.
From 1991 until 2000, the stock exchange was located in a building.
The building was previously used as the headquarters of the Polish United Workers' Party.
The Polish United Workers' Party is abbreviated as PZPR.
The location of the stock exchange during this period is described as ironic.
The FSO Car Factory was established in 1951.
A number of vehicles have been assembled there over the decades.
The Warszawa is one of the vehicles that have been assembled there.
The Syrena is one of the vehicles that have been assembled there.
The Fiat 125p is one of the vehicles that have been assembled there.
The Fiat 125p was assembled under license from Fiat.
The Fiat 125p was later renamed FSO 125p when the license expired.
The Polonez is one of the vehicles that have been assembled there.
The last two models listed were sent abroad.
The last two models listed were assembled in a number of other countries.
The countries where the last two models listed were assembled include Egypt.
The countries where the last two models listed were assembled include Colombia.
In 1995, the factory was purchased by the South Korean car manufacturer Daewoo.
Daewoo assembled the Tico for the European market.
Daewoo assembled the Espero for the European market.
Daewoo assembled the Nubia for the European market.
Daewoo assembled the Tacuma for the European market.
Daewoo assembled the Leganza for the European market.
Daewoo assembled the Lanos for the European market.
Daewoo assembled the Matiz for the European market.
In 2005, the factory was sold to AvtoZAZ.
AvtoZAZ is a Ukrainian car manufacturer.
AvtoZAZ assembled the Chevrolet Aveo at the factory.
The license for the production of the Aveo expired in February 2011.
The license for the production of the Aveo has not been renewed since February 2011.
The company is currently defunct.
The University of Warsaw was established in 1816.
The partitions of Poland separated Warsaw from the oldest and most influential Polish academic center.
The oldest and most influential Polish academic center is located in Kraków.
Warsaw University of Technology is the second academic school of technology in the country.
Warsaw University of Technology is one of the largest academic schools of technology in East-Central Europe.
Warsaw University of Technology employs 2,000 professors.
Other institutions for higher education include the Medical University of Warsaw.
The Medical University of Warsaw is the largest medical school in Poland.
The Medical University of Warsaw is one of the most prestigious medical schools in Poland.
Other institutions for higher education include the National Defence University.
The National Defence University is the highest military academic institution in Poland.
Other institutions for higher education include the Fryderyk Chopin University of Music.
The Fryderyk Chopin University of Music is the oldest music school in Poland.
The Fryderyk Chopin University of Music is the largest music school in Poland.
The Fryderyk Chopin University of Music is one of the largest music schools in Europe.
Other institutions for higher education include the Warsaw School of Economics.
The Warsaw School of Economics is the oldest economic university in Poland.
The Warsaw School of Economics is the most renowned economic university in Poland.
Other institutions for higher education include the Warsaw University of Life Sciences.
The Warsaw University of Life Sciences is the largest agricultural university in Poland.
The Warsaw University of Life Sciences was founded in 1818.
The University Library was founded in 1816.
The University Library is home to over two million items.
The building was designed by Marek Budzyński.
Marek Budzyński is an architect.
The building was designed by Zbigniew Badowski.
Zbigniew Badowski is an architect.
The building opened on 15 December 1999.
The entity is surrounded by green.
The University Library garden was designed by Irena Bajerska.
The University Library garden was opened on 12 June 2002.
The roof garden is one of the largest roof gardens in Europe.
The roof garden is one of the most beautiful roof gardens in Europe.
The area of the roof garden is more than 10,000 m2.
The area of the roof garden is 107,639 square feet.
The area of 10 square feet is mentioned.
Plants cover an area of 5,111 square meters.
5,111 square meters is equivalent to 55,014 square feet.
The area is 35 square feet.
The university garden is open to the public every day.
Infrastructure in Warsaw suffered considerably during its time as an Eastern Bloc economy.
Many cities in Central and Eastern Europe experienced similar issues with infrastructure.
The initial Three-Year Plan to rebuild Poland was a major success.
The initial Three-Year Plan to rebuild Warsaw was a major success.
What followed the initial Three-Year Plan to rebuild Poland was very much the opposite.
Over the past decade, Warsaw has seen many improvements.
The improvements in Warsaw are due to solid economic growth.
The improvements in Warsaw are due to an increase in foreign investment.
The improvements in Warsaw are due to funding from the European Union.
The city's metro has improved markedly.
The city's roads have improved markedly.
The city's sidewalks have improved markedly.
The city's health care facilities have improved markedly.
The city's sanitation facilities have improved markedly.
Today, Warsaw has some of the best medical facilities in Poland.
Today, Warsaw has some of the best medical facilities in East-Central Europe.
The city is home to the Children's Memorial Health Institute.
The Children's Memorial Health Institute is the highest-reference hospital in all of Poland.
The Children's Memorial Health Institute is an active research and education center.
The Maria Skłodowska-Curie Institute of Oncology is one of the largest oncological institutions in Europe.
The Maria Skłodowska-Curie Institute of Oncology is one of the most modern oncological institutions in Europe.
The clinical section is located in a 10-floor building.
The building has 700 beds.
The building has 10 operating theatres.
The building has an intensive care unit.
The building has several diagnostic departments.
The building has an outpatient clinic.
The infrastructure has developed a lot.
The development of the infrastructure occurred over the past years.
Warsaw hosts many events and festivals.
Numerous musical venues contribute to the events and festivals in Warsaw.
The Teatr Wielki is one of the musical venues in Warsaw.
The Polish National Opera is one of the musical venues in Warsaw.
The Chamber Opera is one of the musical venues in Warsaw.
The National Philharmonic Hall is one of the musical venues in Warsaw.
The National Theatre is one of the musical venues in Warsaw.
The Roma music theatre is one of the musical venues in Warsaw.
The Buffo music theatre is one of the musical venues in Warsaw.
The Congress Hall in the Palace of Culture and Science is one of the musical venues in Warsaw.
The International Frédéric Chopin Piano Competition is an event worth particular attention.
The International Contemporary Music Festival Warsaw Autumn is an event worth particular attention.
The Jazz Jamboree is an event worth particular attention.
Warsaw Summer Jazz Days is an event worth particular attention.
The International Stanisław Moniuszko Vocal Competition is an event worth particular attention.
The Mozart Festival is an event worth particular attention.
The Festival of Old Music is an event worth particular attention.
The Summer Theatre was in operation in Ogród Saski from 1870 to 1939.
Ogród Saski is also known as the Saxon Garden.
In the inter-war period, the theatre complex included Momus.
Momus was Warsaw's first literary cabaret.
In the inter-war period, the theatre complex also included Leon Schiller's musical theatre Melodram.
Leon Schiller was associated with the musical theatre Melodram.
The Wojciech Bogusławski Theatre was built between 1922 and 1926.
The Wojciech Bogusławski Theatre is the best example of Polish monumental theatre.
From the mid-1930s, the Great Theatre building housed the Upati Institute of Dramatic Arts.
The Upati Institute of Dramatic Arts was the first state-run academy of dramatic art.
The Upati Institute of Dramatic Arts had an acting department.
The Upati Institute of Dramatic Arts had a stage directing department.
Several commemorative events take place every year.
Gatherings of thousands of people occur on the banks of the Vistula on Midsummer’s Night.
The festival on Midsummer’s Night is called Wianki.
Wianki is the Polish word for Wreaths.
Wianki has become a tradition in Warsaw.
Wianki is a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in Warsaw.
The festival traces its roots to a peaceful pagan ritual.
Maidens would float their wreaths of herbs on the water during the peaceful pagan ritual.
Maidens floated their wreaths of herbs on the water to predict when they would be married.
Maidens floated their wreaths of herbs on the water to predict to whom they would be married.
By the 19th century, the tradition had become a festive event.
The tradition continues today.
The city council organizes concerts.
The city council organizes other events.
Each Midsummer’s Eve features the official floating of wreaths.
Each Midsummer’s Eve features jumping over fires.
Each Midsummer’s Eve features looking for the fern flower.
Each Midsummer’s Eve features musical performances.
Each Midsummer’s Eve features dignitaries' speeches.
Each Midsummer’s Eve features fairs.
Each Midsummer’s Eve features fireworks by the river bank.
The world's first Museum of Posters is an interesting example of an exposition.
The world's first Museum of Posters boasts one of the largest collections of art posters in the world.
The Museum of Hunting and Riding is an interesting example of an exposition.
The Railway Museum is an interesting example of an exposition.
Warsaw has 60 museums.
The most prestigious museums in Warsaw are the National Museum and the Museum of the Polish Army.
The National Museum has a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch.
The National Museum has one of the best collections of paintings in the country.
The National Museum includes some paintings from Adolf Hitler's private collection.
The Museum of the Polish Army has a set that portrays the history of arms.
A fine tribute to the fall of Warsaw can be found in the Warsaw Uprising Museum.
A fine tribute to the history of Poland can be found in the Warsaw Uprising Museum.
A fine tribute to the fall of Warsaw can be found in the Katyń Museum.
A fine tribute to the history of Poland can be found in the Katyń Museum.
The Katyń Museum preserves the memory of the crime.
The Warsaw Uprising Museum operates a rare preserved and operating historic stereoscopic theatre.
The name of the historic stereoscopic theatre is the Warsaw Fotoplastikon.
The Museum of Independence preserves patriotic objects connected with Poland's struggles for independence.
The Museum of Independence preserves political objects connected with Poland's struggles for independence.
The Warsaw Historical Museum dates back to 1936.
The Warsaw Historical Museum contains 60 rooms.
The 60 rooms of the Warsaw Historical Museum host a permanent exhibition.
The permanent exhibition of the Warsaw Historical Museum showcases the history of Warsaw from its origins until today.
The 17th century Royal Ujazdów Castle currently houses the Centre for Contemporary Art.
The Centre for Contemporary Art has some permanent exhibitions.
The Centre for Contemporary Art has some temporary exhibitions.
The Centre for Contemporary Art hosts concerts.
The Centre for Contemporary Art hosts shows.
The Centre for Contemporary Art offers creative workshops.
The Centre currently realizes about 500 projects a year.
Zachęta National Gallery of Art is the oldest exhibition site in Warsaw.
Zachęta National Gallery of Art has a tradition stretching back to the mid-19th century.
Zachęta National Gallery of Art organizes exhibitions of modern art.
Zachęta National Gallery of Art features works by Polish artists.
Zachęta National Gallery of Art features works by international artists.
Zachęta National Gallery of Art promotes art in many other ways.
Warsaw Gallery Weekend has been held since 2011.
Warsaw Gallery Weekend is held on the last weekend of September.
Polonia Warsaw is a local rival.
Polonia Warsaw has significantly fewer supporters.
Polonia Warsaw managed to win the Ekstraklasa Championship in 2000.
They won the country’s championship in 1946.
They won the cup twice.
Polonia's home venue is located at Konwiktorska Street.
Konwiktorska Street is a ten-minute walk north from the Old Town.
Polonia was relegated from the country's top flight in 2013.
Polonia was relegated because of a disastrous financial situation.
They are now playing in the 4th league.
The 4th league is the 5th tier in Poland.
The 4th league is the bottom professional league in the National Polish Football Association structure.
The mermaid is Warsaw's symbol.
The mermaid can be found on statues throughout the city.
The mermaid can be found on the city's coat of arms.
The imagery has been in use since at least the mid-14th century.
The oldest existing armed seal of Warsaw is from the year 1390.
The oldest existing armed seal of Warsaw consists of a round seal.
The round seal is bordered with the Latin inscription Sigilium Civitatis Varsoviensis.
The Latin inscription Sigilium Civitatis Varsoviensis translates to Seal of the city of Warsaw.
City records document the use of a crude form of a sea monster as far back as 1609.
The crude form of the sea monster has a female upper body.
The crude form of the sea monster is holding a sword in its claws.
In 1653, Zygmunt Laukowski was a poet.
Zygmunt Laukowski asks a question.
The origin of the legendary figure is not fully known.
The best-known legend is by Artur Oppman.
The legend states that long ago two of Triton's daughters set out on a journey through the depths of the oceans.
The journey took place through the depths of the seas.
One of the individuals decided to stay on the coast of Denmark.
The individual can be seen sitting at the entrance to the port of Copenhagen.
The second mermaid reached the mouth of the Vistula River.
The second mermaid plunged into the waters of the Vistula River.
She stopped to rest on a sandy beach by the village of Warszowa.
The village of Warszowa is a location.
Fishermen came to admire her beauty.
Fishermen came to listen to her beautiful voice.
A greedy merchant heard the songs of the mermaid.
The greedy merchant followed the fishermen.
The greedy merchant captured the mermaid.
Maria Skłodowska-Curie was one of the most famous people born in Warsaw.
Maria Skłodowska-Curie achieved international recognition for her research on radioactivity.
Maria Skłodowska-Curie was the first female recipient of the Nobel Prize.
Władysław Szpilman is a famous musician.
Frédéric Chopin is a famous musician.
Chopin was born in the village of Żelazowa Wola.
Żelazowa Wola is located about 60 km from Warsaw.
Chopin moved to the city of Warsaw with his family when Chopin was seven months old.
Casimir Pulaski was a Polish general.
Casimir Pulaski was a hero of the American Revolutionary War.
Casimir Pulaski was born in 1745.
Tamara de Lempicka was a famous artist.
Tamara de Lempicka was born in Warsaw.
Maria Górska was born in Warsaw.
Maria Górska was born to wealthy parents.
In 1916, Maria Górska married Tadeusz Łempicki.
Tadeusz Łempicki was a Polish lawyer.
She represented the Art Deco style in painting.
She represented the Art Deco style in art.
She was better than anyone else in representing the Art Deco style.
Nathan Alterman was an Israeli poet.
Nathan Alterman was born in Warsaw.
Moshe Vilenski was an Israeli composer.
Moshe Vilenski was a lyricist.
Moshe Vilenski was a pianist.
Moshe Vilenski was born in Warsaw.
Moshe Vilenski studied music at the Warsaw Conservatory.
Warsaw was the beloved city of Isaac Bashevis Singer.
Isaac Bashevis Singer described Warsaw in many of his novels.
Warsaw has just now been destroyed.
No one will ever see the Warsaw I knew.
The Warsaw I knew is a specific version of Warsaw.
The speaker wants to write about a specific topic.
The specific topic is not mentioned.
The speaker commented a desire for Warsaw to not disappear forever.
The speaker expressed a concern about the potential disappearance of Warsaw.
The French and Indian War occurred from 1754 to 1763.
The French and Indian War was the North American theater of the worldwide Seven Years' War.
The war was fought between the colonies of British America and New France.
The colonies of British America were supported by military units from Great Britain.
New France was supported by military units from France.
Both sides were supported by Native American allies.
At the start of the war, the French North American colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 European settlers.
The British North American colonies had a population of 2 million European settlers.
The French were outnumbered.
The French particularly depended on the Indians.
The metropole nations were long in conflict.
The metropole nations declared war on each other in 1756.
The declaration of war escalated the war from a regional affair into an intercontinental conflict.
The war was fought primarily along the frontiers between New France and the British colonies.
The frontiers between New France and the British colonies extended from Virginia in the South to Nova Scotia in the North.
The dispute began over control of the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers.
The confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers is called the Forks of the Ohio.
The site of the French Fort Duquesne is located at the Forks of the Ohio.
The present-day location of Pittsburgh is in Pennsylvania.
The dispute erupted into violence in the Battle of Jumonville Glen in May 1754.
Virginia militiamen were under the command of George Washington.
George Washington was 22 years old.
Virginia militiamen ambushed a French patrol during the Battle of Jumonville Glen.
In 1755, six colonial governors in North America met with General Edward Braddock.
General Edward Braddock was the newly arrived British Army commander.
The six colonial governors and General Edward Braddock planned a four-way attack on the French.
None succeeded in the efforts.
The main effort by Edward Braddock was a disaster.
Edward Braddock was defeated in the Battle of the Monongahela on July 9, 1755.
Edward Braddock died a few days after the Battle of the Monongahela.
British operations in 1755 in the frontier areas of Pennsylvania and New York failed.
British operations in 1756 in the frontier areas of Pennsylvania and New York failed.
British operations in 1757 in the frontier areas of Pennsylvania and New York failed.
The failures of British operations were due to a combination of poor management.
The failures of British operations were due to internal divisions.
The failures of British operations were due to effective Canadian scouts.
The failures of British operations were due to French regular forces.
The failures of British operations were due to Indian warrior allies.
In 1755, the British captured Fort Beauséjour.
Fort Beauséjour is located on the border separating Nova Scotia from Acadia.
Soon afterward, the British ordered the expulsion of the Acadians.
Orders for the deportation were given by William Shirley.
William Shirley was the Commander-in-Chief of North America.
The orders for the deportation were given without direction from Great Britain.
The Acadians were expelled.
The Acadians included those captured in arms.
The Acadians included those who had sworn the loyalty oath to His Britannic Majesty.
Native Americans were driven off their land.
The driving off of Native Americans was to make way for settlers from New England.
The British campaigns in 1757 were disastrous.
The disastrous British campaigns resulted in a failed expedition against Louisbourg.
The disastrous British campaigns resulted in the Siege of Fort William Henry.
The Siege of Fort William Henry was followed by Indian torture and massacres of British victims.
The British government fell after the disastrous 1757 British campaigns.
William Pitt came to power.
William Pitt significantly increased British military resources in the colonies.
France was unwilling to risk large convoys to aid the limited forces France had in New France.
France concentrated its forces against Prussia.
France concentrated its forces against the allies of Prussia.
The European theatre of the war is the location where France concentrated its forces.
The British military launched a campaign to capture the Colony of Canada.
The campaign took place between 1758 and 1760.
They succeeded in capturing territory in surrounding colonies.
They ultimately succeeded in capturing Quebec.
The British were later defeated at Sainte Foy in Quebec.
The French ceded Canada in accordance with the 1763 treaty.
The outcome was one of the most significant developments in a century of Anglo-French conflict.
The outcome refers to a specific event or result.
The century of Anglo-French conflict refers to a period of ongoing disputes and hostilities between England and France.
France ceded its territory east of the Mississippi.
The territory east of the Mississippi was ceded to Great Britain.
It ceded French Louisiana west of the Mississippi River to its ally Spain.
French Louisiana included New Orleans.
The cession was in compensation for Spain's loss to Britain of Florida.
Spain had ceded Florida to Britain.
Spain ceded Florida in exchange for the return of Havana, Cuba.
France's colonial presence north of the Caribbean was reduced to the islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
The reduction of France's colonial presence confirmed Britain's position as the dominant colonial power in eastern North America.
The conflict is known by multiple names.
In British America, wars were often named after the sitting British monarch.
An example of a war named after a sitting British monarch is King William's War.
Another example of a war named after a sitting British monarch is Queen Anne's War.
There had already been a King George's War in the 1740s.
British colonists named the second war in King George's reign after their opponents.
The second war in King George's reign became known as the French and Indian War.
The traditional name continues as the standard in the United States.
The traditional name obscures the fact that Indians fought on both sides of the conflict.
The conflict was part of the Seven Years' War.
The Seven Years' War was a much larger conflict between France and Great Britain.
American historians generally use the traditional name for the conflict.
American historians sometimes use the name Seven Years' War for the conflict.
Other names for the war include the Fourth Intercolonial War.
Other names for the war include the Great War for the Empire.
The Fourth Intercolonial War is a less frequently used name for the war.
The Great War for the Empire is a less frequently used name for the war.
In Europe, the North American theater of the Seven Years' War usually is not given a separate name.
The entire international conflict is known as the Seven Years' War.
Seven Years refers to events in Europe.
The events in Europe occurred from the official declaration of war in 1756.
The events in Europe continued until the signing of the peace treaty in 1763.
These dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland North America.
The fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years.
The fighting occurred from the Battle of Jumonville Glen in 1754 to the capture of Montreal in 1760.
The French population numbered about 75,000.
The French population was heavily concentrated along the St.
The Lawrence River valley is a geographical region.
Some areas are also located in Acadia.
Acadia corresponds to present-day New Brunswick.
Acadia corresponds to parts of Nova Scotia.
Île Royale corresponds to present-day Cape Breton Island.
Fewer people lived in New Orleans.
Fewer people lived in Biloxi, Mississippi.
Fewer people lived in Mobile, Alabama.
Fewer people lived in small settlements in the Illinois Country.
The Illinois Country hugged the east side of the Mississippi River.
The Illinois Country hugged the east side of the tributaries of the Mississippi River.
French fur traders traveled throughout the St.
French trappers traveled throughout the St.
Lawrence and Mississippi watersheds are geographical areas.
Lawrence and Mississippi watersheds did business with local tribes.
Lawrence and Mississippi watersheds often married Indian women.
Traders married daughters of chiefs.
The marriages created high-ranking unions.
British settlers outnumbered the French 20 to 1.
The population of British settlers was about 1.
5 million is a quantity.
5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent.
The eastern coast of the continent extends from Nova Scotia in the north.
The eastern coast of the continent extends to Newfoundland in the north.
The eastern coast of the continent extends to Georgia in the south.
Many of the older colonies had land claims.
The land claims of the older colonies extended arbitrarily far to the west.
The extent of the continent was unknown at the time the provincial charters were granted.
The population centers were along the coast.
The settlements were growing into the interior.
Nova Scotia had been captured from France in 1713.
Nova Scotia still had a significant French-speaking population.
Britain claimed Rupert's Land.
Rupert's Land is where the Hudson's Bay Company traded for furs with local tribes.
The Hudson's Bay Company traded for furs with local tribes.
Large areas were dominated by native tribes.
The native tribes were located in between the French and the British.
The Mi'kmaq were engaged in Father Le Loutre's War.
The Abenaki were engaged in Father Le Loutre's War.
The Mi'kmaq held sway in parts of Nova Scotia.
The Mi'kmaq held sway in Acadia.
The Mi'kmaq held sway in the eastern portions of the province of Canada.
The Mi'kmaq held sway in much of present-day Maine.
The Abenaki held sway in parts of Nova Scotia.
The Abenaki held sway in Acadia.
The Abenaki held sway in the eastern portions of the province of Canada.
The Abenaki held sway in much of present-day Maine.
The Iroquois Confederation dominated much of present-day Upstate New York.
The Iroquois Confederation dominated much of the Ohio Country.
The Ohio Country included Algonquian-speaking populations of Delaware.
The Ohio Country included Algonquian-speaking populations of Shawnee.
The Ohio Country included Iroquoian-speaking Mingo.
These tribes were formally under Iroquois rule.
The tribes were limited by the Iroquois in authority to make agreements.
Further south, the Southeast interior was dominated by Siouan-speaking Catawba tribes.
Further south, the Southeast interior was dominated by Muskogee-speaking Creek tribes.
Further south, the Southeast interior was dominated by Choctaw tribes.
Further south, the Southeast interior was dominated by Iroquoian-speaking Cherokee tribes.
When war broke out, the French used their trading connections.
The French used their trading connections to recruit fighters from tribes in western portions of the Great Lakes region.
The area in the Great Lakes region was not directly subject to the conflict between the French and British.
The tribes in the western portions of the Great Lakes region included the Huron.
The tribes in the western portions of the Great Lakes region included the Mississauga.
The tribes in the western portions of the Great Lakes region included the Ojibwa.
The tribes in the western portions of the Great Lakes region included the Winnebago.
The tribes in the western portions of the Great Lakes region included the Potawatomi.
The British were supported in the war by the Iroquois Six Nations.
The British were supported in the war by the Cherokee.
Differences sparked the Anglo-Cherokee War in 1758.
In 1758, the Pennsylvania government successfully negotiated the Treaty of Easton.
The Treaty of Easton involved a number of tribes in the Ohio Country.
The tribes in the Ohio Country promised neutrality.
The tribes in the Ohio Country promised neutrality in exchange for land concessions.
The tribes in the Ohio Country promised neutrality in exchange for other considerations.
Most of the other northern tribes sided with the French.
The French was the primary trading partner of most of the other northern tribes.
The French was the supplier of arms for most of the other northern tribes.
The Creek were subject to diplomatic efforts by the French to gain their support or neutrality in the conflict.
The Creek were subject to diplomatic efforts by the British to gain their support or neutrality in the conflict.
The Cherokee were subject to diplomatic efforts by the French to gain their support or neutrality in the conflict.
The Cherokee were subject to diplomatic efforts by the British to gain their support or neutrality in the conflict.
It was not uncommon for small bands to participate on the 'other side' of the conflict from formally negotiated agreements.
Most tribes were decentralized.
Small bands made their own decisions about warfare.
At the start of the war, no French regular army troops were stationed in North America.
At the start of the war, few British troops were stationed in North America.
New France was defended by about 3,000 troupes de la marine.
Troupes de la marine are companies of colonial regulars.
Some of the companies of colonial regulars had significant woodland combat experience.
The colonial government recruited militia support.
The colonial government recruited militia support when needed.
Most British colonies mustered local militia companies.
Local militia companies were generally ill trained.
Local militia companies were available only for short periods.
Local militia companies were mustered to deal with native threats.
Most British colonies did not have any standing forces.
Céloron's expedition force consisted of about 200 Troupes de la marine.
Céloron's expedition force consisted of about 30 Indians.
The expedition covered about 3,000 miles.
3,000 miles is equivalent to 4,800 kilometers.
The expedition took place between June and November 1749.
An unspecified object went up the St.
Lawrence continued along the northern shore of Lake Ontario.
Lawrence crossed the portage at Niagara.
Lawrence followed the southern shore of Lake Erie.
The expedition moved inland to the Allegheny River at the Chautauqua Portage.
The Chautauqua Portage is near present-day Barcelona, New York.
The expedition followed the Allegheny River to the site of present-day Pittsburgh.
Céloron buried lead plates.
The lead plates were engraved with the French claim to the Ohio Country.
Céloron encountered British merchants.
Céloron encountered fur-traders.
Céloron informed British merchants of the French claims on the territory.
Céloron informed fur-traders of the French claims on the territory.
Céloron told British merchants to leave.
Céloron told fur-traders to leave.
Céloron's expedition arrived at Logstown.
The Native Americans in the area informed Céloron that they owned the Ohio Country.
The Native Americans in the area stated that they would trade with the British regardless of the French.
Céloron continued south until his expedition reached the confluence of the Ohio and the Miami rivers.
The confluence of the Ohio and the Miami rivers lay just south of the village of Pickawillany.
Pickawillany was the home of the Miami chief known as 'Old Briton.'
Céloron threatened Old Briton with severe consequences.
Céloron threatened Old Briton if Old Briton continued to trade with the British.
Old Briton was trading with the British.
Old Briton ignored the warning.
Céloron was disappointed.
Céloron returned to Montreal in November 1749.
Céloron wrote an extensively detailed report.
Céloron stated that the Natives of these localities are very badly disposed towards the French.
Céloron stated that the Natives of these localities are entirely devoted to the English.
The speaker does not know in what way the subjects could be brought back.
Reports on the situation in the Ohio Country were making their way to London.
Reports on the situation in the Ohio Country were making their way to Paris.
Each side was proposing that action be taken.
William Shirley was the expansionist governor of the Province of Massachusetts Bay.
William Shirley was particularly forceful in his statements.
William Shirley stated that British colonists would not be safe as long as the French were present.
Conflicts between the colonies had taken place for decades.
The conflicts were accomplished through raiding parties.
The raiding parties included Indian allies.
The conflicts led to a brisk trade in European colonial captives from either side.
In 1749, the British government gave land to the Ohio Company of Virginia.
The purpose of giving land to the Ohio Company of Virginia was to develop trade and settlements in the Ohio Country.
The grant required that the grant settle 100 families in the territory.
The grant required that the grant construct a fort for the protection of the 100 families.
The territory was claimed by Pennsylvania.
Both colonies began pushing for action to improve their respective claims.
In 1750, Christopher Gist explored the Ohio territory.
Christopher Gist acted on behalf of Virginia.
Christopher Gist acted on behalf of the company.
Christopher Gist opened negotiations with the Indian tribes at Logstown.
He completed the 1752 Treaty of Logstown.
The local Indians agreed to terms in the 1752 Treaty of Logstown.
The local Indians were represented by their 'Half-King' Tanacharison.
The local Indians were also represented by an Iroquois representative.
The terms of the 1752 Treaty of Logstown included permission to build a 'strong house' at the mouth of the Monongahela River.
The mouth of the Monongahela River is the site of present-day Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
By the late 17th century, the Iroquois had pushed many tribes out of the Ohio Valley.
The Iroquois kept the Ohio Valley as a hunting ground by right of conquest.
The War of the Austrian Succession formally ended in 1748.
The Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle was signed in 1748.
The North American theater of the War of the Austrian Succession is known as King George's War.
The treaty was primarily focused on resolving issues.
The issues were in Europe.
The issues of conflicting territorial claims existed between British colonies in North America and French colonies in North America.
The issues of conflicting territorial claims were turned over to a commission to resolve.
The commission reached no decision.
Frontiers from between Nova Scotia and Acadia in the north were claimed by both sides.
Frontiers from between the Ohio Country in the south were claimed by both sides.
Both sides claimed the frontiers.
The disputes extended into the Atlantic Ocean.
Both powers wanted access to the rich fisheries of the Grand Banks.
The Grand Banks are located off Newfoundland.
On March 17, 1752, the Governor-General of New France died.
The Governor-General of New France was Marquis de la Jonquière.
Marquis de la Jonquière was temporarily replaced by Charles le Moyne de Longueuil.
The permanent replacement for the unnamed individual was the Marquis Duquesne.
The Marquis Duquesne did not arrive in New France until 1752.
The Marquis Duquesne was to take over the post.
The continuing British activity in the Ohio territories prompted Longueuil to dispatch another expedition to the area.
Charles Michel de Langlade was an officer in the Troupes de la Marine.
Longueuil dispatched the expedition under the command of Charles Michel de Langlade.
Langlade was given 300 men.
The 300 men included French-Canadians.
The 300 men included warriors of the Ottawa.
His objective was to punish the Miami people of Pickawillany.
The Miami people of Pickawillany did not follow Céloron's orders.
Céloron gave orders to cease trading with the British.
On June 21, the French war party attacked the trading centre at Pickawillany.
The French war party captured three traders.
The French war party killed 14 people of the Miami nation.
Old Briton was one of the people killed by the French war party.
He was reportedly ritually cannibalized by some aboriginal members of the expedition.
Some aboriginal members of the expedition ritually cannibalized him.
In the spring of 1753, Paul Marin de la Malgue was given command of a force.
The force consisted of 2,000 men.
The force included Troupes de la Marine.
The force included Indians.
His orders were to protect the King's land in the Ohio Valley.
The King is a named entity.
The land in the Ohio Valley is associated with the King.
The protection was from the British.
Marin followed the route that Céloron had mapped out four years earlier.
Céloron had mapped out the route four years earlier.
Céloron limited the record of French claims to the burial of lead plates.
Marin constructed forts.
Marin garrisoned forts.
He first constructed Fort Presque Isle.
Fort Presque Isle is located near present-day Erie, Pennsylvania.
Fort Presque Isle is situated on Lake Erie's south shore.
He had a road built.
The road was built to the headwaters of LeBoeuf Creek.
LeBoeuf Creek has headwaters.
Marin constructed a second fort at Fort Le Boeuf.
Fort Le Boeuf is located in present-day Waterford, Pennsylvania.
The second fort was designed to guard the headwaters of LeBoeuf Creek.
As the unnamed individual moved south, the unnamed individual drove off British traders.
As the unnamed individual moved south, the unnamed individual captured British traders.
The actions of the unnamed individual alarmed both the British and the Iroquois.
Tanaghrisson was a chief of the Mingo.
The Mingo were remnants of Iroquois and other tribes.
Iroquois and other tribes had been driven west by colonial expansion.
He intensely disliked the French.
He accused the French of killing his father.
He accused the French of eating his father.
Traveling to Fort Le Boeuf, a person threatened the French with military action.
The French contemptuously dismissed the threat of military action.
The Iroquois sent runners.
The manor of William Johnson is located in upstate New York.
William Johnson was associated with the manor.
The British Superintendent for Indian Affairs in the New York region and beyond was Johnson.
Johnson was known to the Iroquois as Warraghiggey.
Warraghiggey means 'He who does great things.'
He spoke their languages.
He had become a respected honorary member of the Iroquois Confederacy in the area.
In 1746, Johnson was made a colonel.
Johnson was a colonel of the Iroquois.
Later, he was commissioned as a colonel.
He was commissioned in the Western New York Militia.
They met at Albany, New York.
Governor Clinton was present at the meeting.
Officials from some of the other American colonies were present at the meeting.
Mohawk Chief Hendrick was the Speaker of the Mohawk tribal council.
Mohawk Chief Hendrick insisted that the British abide by their obligations.
Mohawk Chief Hendrick insisted that the British block French expansion.
Chief Hendrick said that the 'Covenant Chain' was broken.
The 'Covenant Chain' is a long-standing friendly relationship between the Iroquois Confederacy and the British Crown.
Clinton did not respond to Chief Hendrick's satisfaction.
Governor Robert Dinwiddie was the governor of Virginia.
Governor Robert Dinwiddie was an investor in the Ohio Company.
The Ohio Company stood to lose money if the French held their claim.
Dinwiddie ordered Major George Washington to warn the French to leave Virginia territory.
Dinwiddie was acting to counter the French military presence in Ohio.
The order was given in October 1753.
Major George Washington was 21 years old at the time of the order.
Major George Washington was a member of the Virginia Regiment.
Major George Washington's brother was another investor in the Ohio Company.
Washington left with a small party.
Washington picked up Jacob Van Braam as an interpreter along the way.
Jacob Van Braam was an interpreter.
Washington picked up Christopher Gist along the way.
Christopher Gist was a company surveyor working in the area.
Washington picked up a few Mingo along the way.
Tanaghrisson led the few Mingo.
On December 12, Washington and his men reached Fort Le Boeuf.
Jacques Legardeur de Saint-Pierre succeeded Marin as commander of the French forces.
Marin died on October 29.
Jacques Legardeur de Saint-Pierre invited George Washington to dine with him.
Washington presented Saint-Pierre with the letter from Dinwiddie.
The letter from Dinwiddie demanded an immediate French withdrawal from the Ohio Country.
The presentation occurred over dinner.
Saint-Pierre said a statement.
The statement is about the Summons that was sent to Saint-Pierre to retire.
Saint-Pierre does not think himself obliged to obey the Summons.
He told George Washington that France's claim to the region was superior to that of the British.
René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle explored the Ohio Country nearly a century earlier.
Even before George Washington returned, Robert Dinwiddie had sent a company of 40 men under William Trent to a specific point.
The company of 40 men began construction of a small stockaded fort in the early months of 1754.
Governor Duquesne sent additional French forces to relieve Saint-Pierre during the same period.
Claude-Pierre Pecaudy de Contrecœur was the leader of the additional French forces.
Claude-Pierre Pecaudy de Contrecœur led 500 men south from Fort Venango.
Claude-Pierre Pecaudy de Contrecœur led the 500 men south from Fort Venango on April 5, 1754.
These forces arrived at the fort on April 16.
Contrecœur generously allowed Trent's small company to withdraw.
He purchased construction tools.
The construction tools were for continuing the building.
The building became Fort Duquesne.
Washington had returned to Williamsburg.
Dinwiddie ordered Washington to lead a larger force.
The larger force was to assist Trent in his work.
Washington was en route.
Washington learned of Trent's retreat.
Tanaghrisson had promised support to the British.
George Washington continued toward Fort Duquesne.
George Washington met with the Mingo leader.
A French scouting party was in the area.
George Washington was present with Tanaghrisson and his party.
George Washington and Tanaghrisson surprised the Canadians on May 28.
The event on May 28 became known as the Battle of Jumonville Glen.
Many of the Canadians were killed.
Joseph Coulon de Jumonville was the commanding officer of the Canadians.
Joseph Coulon de Jumonville's head was reportedly split open by Tanaghrisson with a tomahawk.
Fred Anderson is a historian.
Fred Anderson suggests a hypothesis about Tanaghrisson's actions.
Tanaghrisson was acting to gain the support of the British.
Tanaghrisson was acting to regain authority over his own people.
They had been inclined to support the French.
The French were the people with whom they had long trading relationships.
One of Tanaghrisson's men told Contrecoeur about an event.
The event was that Jumonville had been killed by British musket fire.
Tanaghrisson was a leader.
Contrecoeur was a recipient of the information.
Jumonville was a person who was killed.
News of the two battles reached England in August.
The government of the Duke of Newcastle decided to send an army expedition the following year.
The decision was made after several months of negotiations.
The purpose of the army expedition was to dislodge the French.
Major General Edward Braddock was chosen to lead the expedition.
Word of the British military plans leaked to France.
The leak of the British military plans occurred well before Braddock's departure for North America.
Braddock was a military leader.
King Louis XV dispatched six regiments to New France in 1755.
Baron Dieskau was the commander of the six regiments.
The British intended to blockade French ports.
The British sent out their fleet in February 1755.
The French fleet had already sailed.
Admiral Edward Hawke detached a fast squadron to North America.
The purpose of detaching the fast squadron was to intercept the French.
An early important political response to the opening of hostilities was the convening of the Albany Congress.
The Albany Congress was convened in June and July, 1754.
The goal of the congress was to formalize a unified front in trade and negotiations with various Indians.
The allegiance of the various tribes and nations was seen to be pivotal in the success in the war that was unfolding.
The delegates agreed to a plan.
The plan was never ratified by the colonial legislatures.
The plan was never approved of by the crown.
The format of the congress became the prototype for confederation during the War of Independence.
Many specifics of the plan became the prototype for confederation during the War of Independence.
Braddock led about 1,500 army troops and provincial militia on an expedition in June 1755.
George Washington was one of Braddock's aides.
The expedition aimed to take Fort Duquesne.
The expedition was a disaster.
French soldiers attacked the group.
Indian soldiers attacked the group.
French and Indian soldiers were ambushing the group from up in trees.
French and Indian soldiers were ambushing the group from behind logs.
Braddock called for a retreat.
A male individual was killed.
Approximately 1,000 British soldiers were killed.
Approximately 1,000 British soldiers were injured.
The remaining 500 British troops retreated to Virginia.
George Washington led the remaining 500 British troops.
Washington was a future opponent in the American Revolutionary War.
Thomas Gage was a future opponent in the American Revolutionary War.
Washington played a key role in organizing the retreat.
Thomas Gage played a key role in organizing the retreat.
The French acquired a copy of the British war plans.
The British war plans included the activities of Shirley.
The British war plans included the activities of Johnson.
Shirley's efforts to fortify Oswego were bogged down in logistical difficulties.
The logistical difficulties were exacerbated by Shirley's inexperience in managing large expeditions.
Shirley was made aware that the French were massing for an attack on Fort Oswego.
The massing of the French for an attack on Fort Oswego occurred in Shirley's absence.
Shirley planned to attack Fort Niagara.
Shirley left garrisons at Oswego.
Shirley left garrisons at Fort Bull.
Shirley left garrisons at Fort Williams.
Fort Bull is located on the Oneida Carry between the Mohawk River and Wood Creek.
Fort Williams is located on the Oneida Carry between the Mohawk River and Wood Creek.
The Oneida Carry is located at present-day Rome, New York.
Supplies for use in the projected attack on Niagara were cached at Fort Bull.
The supplies were intended for use in the projected attack on Niagara.
Fort Bull is the location where the supplies were cached.
Johnson's expedition was better organized than Shirley's expedition.
The governor of New France was the Marquis de Vaudreuil.
The organization of Johnson's expedition was noticed by the Marquis de Vaudreuil.
He had primarily been concerned about the extended supply line to the forts on the Ohio.
He had sent Baron Dieskau to lead the defenses at Frontenac.
Baron Dieskau was sent to lead the defenses at Frontenac against Shirley's expected attack.
Shirley was expected to attack Frontenac.
Johnson was seen as the larger threat.
Vaudreuil sent Dieskau to Fort St.
Frédéric is to meet a threat.
Dieskau planned to attack the British encampment at Fort Edward.
Fort Edward is located at the upper end of navigation on the Hudson River.
Johnson had strongly fortified Fort Edward.
Dieskau's Indian support was reluctant to attack.
The two forces finally met in the Battle of Lake George.
The Battle of Lake George was a bloody battle.
The Battle of Lake George took place between Fort Edward and Fort William Henry.
The battle ended inconclusively.
Both sides withdrew from the field.
Johnson's advance stopped at Fort William Henry.
The French withdrew to Ticonderoga Point.
The French began the construction of Fort Carillon at Ticonderoga Point.
Fort Carillon was later renamed Fort Ticonderoga after British capture in 1759.
Colonel Monckton captured Fort Beauséjour in June 1755.
Colonel Monckton was involved in the sole British success that year.
The capture of Fort Beauséjour cut the French fortress at Louisbourg off from land-based reinforcements.
Charles Lawrence was the Governor of Nova Scotia.
Charles Lawrence ordered the deportation of the French-speaking Acadian population from the area.
The purpose of the deportation was to cut vital supplies to Louisbourg.
Monckton's forces forcibly removed thousands of Acadians.
Monckton's forces included companies of Rogers' Rangers.
Monckton's forces chased down many Acadians who resisted.
Monckton's forces sometimes committed atrocities.
The cutting off of supplies to Louisbourg was a significant factor.
The cutting off of supplies to Louisbourg led to its demise.
No other factor was more significant than the cutting off of supplies to Louisbourg.
The Acadian resistance was sometimes quite stiff.
The Acadian resistance was in concert with native allies.
The native allies included the Mi'kmaq.
There were ongoing frontier raids.
The ongoing frontier raids were against Dartmouth.
The ongoing frontier raids were against Lunenburg.
The ongoing frontier raids were against other locations.
There were campaigns to expel the Acadians.
The campaigns to expel the Acadians ranged around the Bay of Fundy.
The campaigns to expel the Acadians occurred on the Petitcodiac.
John Rivers was involved in the context of the clashes.
Île Saint-Jean was involved in the context of the clashes.
The only clashes of any size occurred at Petitcodiac in 1755.
The only clashes of any size occurred at Bloody Creek near Annapolis Royal in 1757.
Braddock died.
William Shirley assumed command of British forces in North America following the death of Braddock.
A meeting took place in Albany in December 1755.
He laid out his plans for 1756 at the meeting.
He renewed the efforts to capture Niagara.
He renewed the efforts to capture Crown Point.
He renewed the efforts to capture Duquesne.
He proposed attacks on Fort Frontenac.
Fort Frontenac is located on the north shore of Lake Ontario.
He proposed an expedition through the wilderness of the Maine district.
He proposed an expedition down the Chaudière River.
The expedition aimed to attack the city of Quebec.
Shirley's plan had little support.
Shirley was bogged down by disagreements and disputes with others.
William Johnson was one of the individuals with whom Shirley had disagreements and disputes.
Sir Charles Hardy was the Governor of New York.
Shirley had disagreements and disputes with Sir Charles Hardy.
Newcastle replaced the unnamed individual in January 1756.
Lord Loudoun was appointed as the replacement for the unnamed individual.
Major General James Abercrombie served as the second in command to Lord Loudoun.
Neither of these men had as much campaign experience as the trio of officers France sent to North America.
The trio of officers was sent to North America by France.
French regular army reinforcements arrived in New France in May 1756.
The French regular army reinforcements were led by Major General Louis-Joseph de Montcalm.
Major General Louis-Joseph de Montcalm was an experienced veteran from the War of the Austrian Succession.
The French regular army reinforcements were seconded by the Chevalier de Lévis.
The Chevalier de Lévis was an experienced veteran from the War of the Austrian Succession.
The French regular army reinforcements were also seconded by Colonel François-Charles de Bourlamaque.
Colonel François-Charles de Bourlamaque was an experienced veteran from the War of the Austrian Succession.
On May 18, 1756, England formally declared war on France.
The declaration of war by England expanded the war into Europe.
The war that expanded into Europe was later known as the Seven Years' War.
Governor Vaudreuil harboured ambitions to become the French commander in chief.
Governor Vaudreuil also held the role of governor.
Governor Vaudreuil acted during the winter of 1756.
The reinforcements had not arrived when Governor Vaudreuil acted.
Scouts reported the weakness of the British supply chain.
He ordered an attack against the forts.
Shirley erected the forts at the Oneida Carry.
In the March Battle of Fort Bull, French forces destroyed the fort.
French forces destroyed large quantities of supplies.
The large quantities of supplies included 45,000 pounds of gunpowder.
The actions set back any British hopes for campaigns on Lake Ontario.
The actions endangered the Oswego garrison.
The Oswego garrison was already short on supplies.
French forces were present in the Ohio valley.
French forces continued to intrigue with Indians throughout the area.
French forces encouraged Indians to raid frontier settlements.
Ongoing alarms occurred along the western frontiers.
Streams of refugees were returning east.
The refugees were returning east to get away from the action.
The new British command was not in place.
The new British command was not in place until July.
Abercrombie arrived in Albany.
Abercrombie refused to take any significant actions.
Abercrombie's refusal to take any significant actions was until Loudoun approved them.
Montcalm took bold action.
Montcalm acted against his inertia.
Montcalm executed a strategic feint by moving his headquarters to Ticonderoga.
Montcalm's action was to presage another attack along Lake George.
Vaudreuil's work involved harassing the Oswego garrison.
Abercrombie was pinned down at Albany.
Montcalm slipped away from Albany.
Montcalm led the successful attack on Oswego in August.
In the aftermath, Montcalm and the Indians under Montcalm's command disagreed about the disposition of prisoners' personal effects.
The Europeans did not consider the prisoners as prizes.
The Europeans prevented the Indians from stripping the prisoners of their valuables.
The prevention of stripping the prisoners of their valuables angered the Indians.
Loudoun was a capable administrator.
Loudoun was a cautious field commander.
Loudoun planned one major operation for 1757.
The major operation planned by Loudoun was an attack on New France's capital, Quebec.
A sizable force was left at Fort William Henry to distract Montcalm.
The individual began organizing for the expedition to Quebec.
He was ordered by William Pitt to attack Louisbourg first.
William Pitt was the Secretary of State responsible for the colonies.
The expedition was beset by delays of all kinds.
The expedition was finally ready to sail from Halifax.
Halifax is located in Nova Scotia.
The expedition was ready to sail in early August.
French ships had escaped the British blockade of the French coast.
A fleet outnumbering the British fleet awaited John Campbell, 4th Earl of Loudoun at Louisbourg.
Loudoun faced a strength.
Loudoun returned to New York.
News reported that a massacre had occurred at Fort William Henry.
French irregular forces harassed Fort William Henry throughout the first half of 1757.
French irregular forces included Canadian scouts.
French irregular forces included Indians.
Fort William Henry was the target of harassment by French irregular forces.
In January, a group ambushed British rangers near Ticonderoga.
The ambushing group is unspecified in the original sentence.
Ticonderoga is a location.
In February, a daring raid was launched against the position across the frozen Lake George.
The daring raid resulted in the destruction of storehouses.
The daring raid resulted in the destruction of buildings outside the main fortification.
In early August, Montcalm besieged the fort.
Montcalm had 7,000 troops.
The fort capitulated with an agreement to withdraw under parole.
The withdrawal began.
Some of Montcalm's Indian allies were angered at the lost opportunity for loot.
Some of Montcalm's Indian allies attacked the British column.
The attack resulted in the killing of several hundred men.
The attack resulted in the killing of several hundred women.
The attack resulted in the killing of several hundred children.
The attack resulted in the killing of several hundred slaves.
The attack resulted in the capturing of several hundred men.
The attack resulted in the capturing of several hundred women.
The attack resulted in the capturing of several hundred children.
The attack resulted in the capturing of several hundred slaves.
The aftermath of the siege may have contributed to the transmission of smallpox into remote Indian populations.
Some Indians were reported to have traveled from beyond the Mississippi to participate in the campaign.
Some Indians returned afterward having been exposed to European carriers.
Vaudreuil was minimally resupplied in 1758.
Montcalm was minimally resupplied in 1758.
The British blockade of the French coastline limited French shipping in 1758.
The situation in New France was exacerbated by a poor harvest in 1757.
The situation in New France was exacerbated by a difficult winter.
The situation in New France was exacerbated by the allegedly corrupt machinations of François Bigot.
François Bigot was the intendant of the territory.
His schemes to supply the colony inflated prices.
Montcalm believed that his schemes to supply the colony lined his pockets.
Montcalm believed that his schemes to supply the colony lined the pockets of his associates.
A massive outbreak of smallpox occurred among western tribes.
The outbreak of smallpox led many western tribes to stay away from trading in 1758.
Many parties to the conflict blamed others.
The Indians blamed the French for bringing 'bad medicine'.
The Indians also blamed the French for denying them prizes at Fort William Henry.
The disease was probably spread through the crowded conditions at Fort William Henry after the battle.
Montcalm focused his meager resources on the defense of the St.
Lawrence had primary defenses at Carillon.
Carillon is located in Quebec.
Lawrence had primary defenses at Louisbourg.
Vaudreuil argued for a continuation of the raiding tactics.
Vaudreuil's argument for a continuation of the raiding tactics was unsuccessful.
The raiding tactics had worked quite effectively in previous years.
The British failures in North America occurred.
Other failures in the European theater occurred.
The British failures in North America combined with other failures in the European theater.
The combination of the British failures in North America and other failures in the European theater led to the fall from power of Newcastle.
Newcastle was a political leader.
Newcastle had a principal military advisor.
The principal military advisor of Newcastle was the Duke of Cumberland.
Newcastle and Pitt joined in an uneasy coalition.
Pitt dominated the military planning in the coalition.
He embarked on a plan for the 1758 campaign.
The plan for the 1758 campaign was largely developed by Lord Loudoun.
He had been replaced by Abercrombie as commander in chief.
Abercrombie was the individual who replaced him.
The replacement occurred after the failures of 1757.
The failures of 1757 were the events that led to the replacement.
Pitt's plan called for three major offensive actions.
The three major offensive actions involved large numbers of regular troops.
The large numbers of regular troops were supported by the provincial militias.
The three major offensive actions were aimed at capturing the heartlands of New France.
Two of the expeditions were successful.
Fort Duquesne fell to sizable British forces.
Louisbourg fell to sizable British forces.
The third invasion was stopped with the French victory in the Battle of Carillon.
The French victory in the Battle of Carillon was improbable.
In the Battle of Carillon, 3,600 Frenchmen defeated Abercrombie's force.
Abercrombie's force consisted of 18,000 regulars, militia, and Native American allies.
The Battle of Carillon took place outside the fort.
The French called the fort Carillon.
The British called the fort Ticonderoga.
Abercrombie saved something from the disaster.
Abercrombie sent John Bradstreet on an expedition.
The expedition successfully destroyed Fort Frontenac.
The expedition destroyed caches of supplies.
The caches of supplies were destined for New France's western forts.
The expedition destroyed furs.
The furs were destined for Europe.
Abercrombie was recalled.
Jeffery Amherst replaced Abercrombie.
Jeffery Amherst was the victor at Louisbourg.
The aftermath of generally poor French results occurred in most theaters of the Seven Years' War in 1758.
France's new foreign minister was the duc de Choiseul.
The duc de Choiseul decided to focus on an invasion of Britain.
The purpose of the invasion of Britain was to draw British resources away from North America.
The purpose of the invasion of Britain was to draw British resources away from the European mainland.
The invasion failed militarily.
The invasion failed politically.
William Pitt planned significant campaigns against New France.
William Pitt sent funds to Britain's ally on the mainland, Prussia.
The French Navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at Lagos.
The French Navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at Quiberon Bay.
Some French supply ships managed to depart France.
The departure of the French supply ships was a piece of good fortune.
The French supply ships eluded the British blockade of the French coast.
British victories continued in all theaters in the Annus Mirabilis of 1759.
The British finally captured Ticonderoga in 1759.
James Wolfe defeated Montcalm at Quebec in 1759.
The battle at Quebec claimed the lives of both James Wolfe and Montcalm.
The British victory at Fort Niagara successfully cut off the French frontier forts further to the west.
The British victory at Fort Niagara successfully cut off the French frontier forts further to the south.
The victory was made complete in 1760.
The British lost outside Quebec City in the Battle of Sainte-Foy.
The British were able to prevent the arrival of French relief ships in the naval Battle of the Restigouche.
Armies marched on Montreal from three sides.
In September 1760, Governor Vaudreuil negotiated a capitulation.
Governor Vaudreuil negotiated the capitulation from Montreal.
The capitulation was negotiated with General Amherst.
Hostilities had not erupted before the negotiation.
Amherst granted Vaudreuil's request.
Vaudreuil made a request regarding French residents in the colony.
Any French residents who chose to remain in the colony would be given freedom to continue worshiping in their Roman Catholic tradition.
Any French residents who chose to remain in the colony would be given continued ownership of their property.
Any French residents who chose to remain in the colony would be given the right to remain undisturbed in their homes.
The British provided medical treatment for the sick and wounded French soldiers.
French regular troops were returned to France aboard British ships.
There was an agreement that French regular troops were not to serve again in the present war.
The war in North America officially ended with the signing of the Treaty of Paris on 10 February 1763.
The Treaty of Paris was signed on 10 February 1763.
The war in the European theatre of the Seven Years' War was settled by the Treaty of Hubertusburg on 15 February 1763.
The Treaty of Hubertusburg was signed on 15 February 1763.
The British offered France a choice of surrendering its continental North American possessions east of the Mississippi.
The British offered France a choice of surrendering the Caribbean islands of Guadeloupe and Martinique.
Guadeloupe and Martinique had been occupied by the British.
France chose to cede the former.
France was able to negotiate the retention of Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
Saint Pierre and Miquelon are two small islands.
Saint Pierre and Miquelon are located in the Gulf of St.
Lawrence has fishing rights in the area.
Lawrence is accompanied by fishing rights in the area.
They viewed the economic value of the Caribbean islands' sugar cane to be greater than the economic value of the furs from the continent.
They viewed the economic value of the Caribbean islands' sugar cane to be easier to defend than the economic value of the furs from the continent.
The contemporaneous French philosopher Voltaire referred to Canada disparagingly.
Voltaire described Canada as nothing more than a few acres of snow.
The British were happy to take New France.
The defence of the British North American colonies would no longer be an issue.
The British already had ample places from which to obtain sugar.
Spain traded Florida to Britain to regain Cuba.
Spain gained Louisiana from France in compensation for its losses.
Louisiana included New Orleans.
Great Britain agreed that navigation on the Mississippi River was to be open to vessels of all nations.
Spain agreed that navigation on the Mississippi River was to be open to vessels of all nations.
Britain gained control of French Canada.
Britain gained control of Acadia.
French Canada and Acadia were colonies.
French Canada and Acadia contained approximately 80,000 residents.
Approximately 80,000 residents of French Canada and Acadia were primarily French-speaking.
Approximately 80,000 residents of French Canada and Acadia were Roman Catholic.
The deportation of Acadians began in 1755.
The deportation of Acadians resulted in land being made available to migrants from Europe.
The deportation of Acadians resulted in land being made available to migrants from the colonies further south.
The British resettled many Acadians throughout its North American provinces.
Many Acadians went to France.
Some Acadians went to New Orleans.
The Acadians had expected New Orleans to remain French.
Some individuals were sent to colonize places.
The places that were colonized were as diverse as French Guiana and the Falkland Islands.
The efforts to colonize the Falkland Islands were unsuccessful.
Others migrated to places like Saint-Domingue.
Others fled to New Orleans after the Haitian Revolution.
Saint-Domingue is a place.
The Louisiana population contributed to the founding of the modern Cajun population.
The French word 'Acadien' evolved to 'Cadien'.
'Cadien' evolved to 'Cajun'.
It seems that the input provided is incomplete or not formatted correctly.
Please provide a complete sentence or content for decomposition, and I will be happy to assist you.
King George III issued the Royal Proclamation of 1763 on October 7, 1763.
The Royal Proclamation of 1763 outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory.
The Royal Proclamation of 1763 continues to govern relations between the government of modern Canada and the First Nations to some extent.
The provisions included the reservation of lands west of the Appalachian Mountains to the Indian population.
The reservation of lands west of the Appalachian Mountains was a demarcation.
The demarcation was at best a temporary impediment to a rising tide of westward-bound settlers.
The proclamation contained provisions.
The provisions prevented civic participation by the Roman Catholic Canadians.
Accommodations were made in the Quebec Act in 1774 to address issues.
Religious concerns were raised in the largely Protestant Thirteen Colonies over the advance of 'popery'.
The Quebec Act maintained French Civil law.
The Quebec Act included the seigneurial system.
The seigneurial system was a medieval code.
The seigneurial system was soon to be removed from France within a generation by the French Revolution.
For many native populations, the elimination of French power in North America meant the disappearance of a strong ally.
The strong ally was a counterweight to British expansion.
The disappearance of the strong ally led to the ultimate dispossession of many native populations.
The Ohio Country was particularly vulnerable to legal settlement.
The Ohio Country was particularly vulnerable to illegal settlement.
The construction of military roads to the Ohio Country was done by Braddock and Forbes.
The Spanish takeover of the Louisiana territory was not completed until 1769.
The Spanish takeover of the Louisiana territory had modest repercussions.
The British takeover of Spanish Florida resulted in the westward migration of tribes.
The tribes did not want to do business with the British.
The British takeover of Spanish Florida resulted in a rise in tensions between the Choctaw and the Creek.
The Choctaw and the Creek were historic enemies.
The British at times exploited the divisions between the Choctaw and the Creek.
The change of control occurred in Florida.
The change of control prompted most of the Spanish Catholic population in Florida to leave.
Most individuals went to Cuba.
The entire governmental records from St were included in the group that went to Cuba.
Augustine is a named entity.
Some Christianized Yamasee were resettled to the coast of Mexico.
Philosophers in antiquity used the concept of force in the study of stationary objects.
Philosophers in antiquity used the concept of force in the study of moving objects.
Philosophers in antiquity used the concept of force in the study of simple machines.
Thinkers such as Aristotle retained fundamental errors in understanding force.
Thinkers such as Archimedes retained fundamental errors in understanding force.
The incomplete understanding of the sometimes non-obvious force of friction contributed to the situation.
The inadequate view of the nature of natural motion was a consequence of the incomplete understanding of friction.
A fundamental error was the belief that a force is required to maintain motion.
A force is not required to maintain motion at a constant velocity.
Most of the previous misunderstandings about motion and force were eventually corrected by Galileo Galilei.
Galileo Galilei was a scientist.
Most of the previous misunderstandings about motion and force were eventually corrected by Sir Isaac Newton.
Sir Isaac Newton was a scientist.
Sir Isaac Newton had mathematical insight.
Sir Isaac Newton formulated laws of motion.
The laws of motion formulated by Sir Isaac Newton were not improved on for nearly three hundred years.
By the early 20th century, Albert Einstein developed a theory of relativity.
The theory of relativity correctly predicted the action of forces on objects with increasing momenta near the speed of light.
The theory of relativity provided insight into the forces produced by gravitation.
The theory of relativity provided insight into the forces produced by inertia.
Modern insights into quantum mechanics exist.
Technology can accelerate particles close to the speed of light.
Particle physics has devised a Standard Model.
The Standard Model describes forces between particles smaller than atoms.
The Standard Model predicts that exchanged particles are called gauge bosons.
Gauge bosons are the fundamental means by which forces are emitted.
Gauge bosons are the fundamental means by which forces are absorbed.
Only four main interactions are known.
The four main interactions are strong interaction, electromagnetic interaction, weak interaction, and gravitational interaction.
The interactions are listed in order of decreasing strength.
High-energy particle physics observations were made during the 1970s.
High-energy particle physics observations were made during the 1980s.
High-energy particle physics observations confirmed that the weak force is an expression of a more fundamental electroweak interaction.
High-energy particle physics observations confirmed that the electromagnetic force is an expression of a more fundamental electroweak interaction.
The weak force and the electromagnetic force are expressions of a more fundamental electroweak interaction.
Aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force.
The concept of a force is an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology.
Aristotle had a view about the terrestrial sphere.
The terrestrial sphere contained four elements.
The four elements come to rest at different 'natural places' within the terrestrial sphere.
Aristotle believed that motionless objects on Earth are composed mostly of the elements earth and water.
Aristotle believed that motionless objects on Earth are in their natural place on the ground.
Aristotle believed that motionless objects on Earth will stay in their natural place if left alone.
He distinguished between the innate tendency of objects to find their natural place.
Heavy bodies fall due to the force of gravity.
The falling of heavy bodies led to the concept of 'natural motion'.
There is a distinction between natural motion and unnatural or forced motion.
Unnatural or forced motion requires continued application of a force.
This theory is based on the everyday experience of how objects move.
The everyday experience includes the constant application of a force needed to keep a cart moving.
The theory had conceptual trouble accounting for the behavior of projectiles.
Projectiles include the flight of arrows.
The place where the archer moves the projectile was at the start of the flight.
While the projectile sailed through the air, no discernible efficient cause acted on the projectile.
Aristotle was aware of the problem.
Aristotle proposed a hypothesis about the air displaced through the projectile's path.
The air displaced through the projectile's path carries the projectile to its target.
This explanation demands a continuum for change of place in general.
Air is an example of a continuum.
The shortcomings of Aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century.
Galileo Galilei was a significant figure in the 17th century.
Galileo Galilei was influenced by the late Medieval idea.
The late Medieval idea stated that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus.
Galileo constructed an experiment.
The experiment involved rolling stones down an incline.
The experiment involved rolling cannonballs down an incline.
Galileo aimed to disprove the Aristotelian theory of motion.
The experiment took place early in the 17th century.
He showed that the bodies were accelerated by gravity.
The acceleration of the bodies by gravity was independent of their mass.
He argued that objects retain their velocity unless acted on by a force.
Friction is an example of a force that can act on objects.
Newton's First Law of Motion states that objects continue to move in a state of constant velocity.
Objects continue to move in a state of constant velocity unless acted upon by an external net force.
Objects continue to move in a state of constant velocity unless acted upon by a resultant force.
This law is an extension of Galileo's insight.
Galileo's insight states that constant velocity is associated with a lack of net force.
A more detailed description of this insight can be found below.
Isaac Newton proposed that every object with mass has an innate inertia.
The innate inertia functions as the fundamental equilibrium 'natural state'.
The innate inertia replaces the Aristotelian idea of the 'natural state of rest'.
The first law contradicts the intuitive Aristotelian belief.
The intuitive Aristotelian belief states that a net force is required to keep an object moving with constant velocity.
By making rest physically indistinguishable from non-zero constant velocity, Newton's First Law connects inertia with the concept of relative velocities.
Newton's First Law makes rest physically indistinguishable from non-zero constant velocity.
Newton's First Law directly connects inertia with the concept of relative velocities.
In systems where objects are moving with different velocities, it is impossible to determine which object is in motion.
In systems where objects are moving with different velocities, it is impossible to determine which object is at rest.
The laws of physics are the same in every inertial frame of reference.
Inertial frames of reference are all frames related by a Galilean transformation.
While traveling in a moving vehicle, the laws of physics do not change.
The vehicle is moving at a constant velocity.
The laws of physics remain the same as when being at rest.
A person can throw a ball straight up in the air.
A person can catch the ball as it falls down.
A person does not need to worry about applying a force in the direction the vehicle is moving.
Another person is observing the moving vehicle pass by.
The moving vehicle is passing by.
The other person observes the ball follow a curving parabolic path.
The curving parabolic path of the ball is in the same direction as the motion of the moving vehicle.
The inertia of the ball is associated with its constant velocity in the direction of the vehicle's motion.
The inertia of the ball ensures that the ball continues to move forward.
The ball continues to move forward even as the ball is thrown up.
The ball continues to move forward even as the ball falls back down.
From the perspective of the person in the car, the vehicle is at rest.
From the perspective of the person in the car, everything inside of the vehicle is at rest.
The outside world is moving with a constant speed in the opposite direction.
There is no experiment that can distinguish whether the vehicle is at rest or the outside world is at rest.
The two situations are considered to be physically indistinguishable.
Inertia applies equally well to constant velocity motion.
Inertia applies equally well to rest.
The concept of inertia can be further generalized.
The concept of inertia explains the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion.
The forms of constant motion include those that are not strictly constant velocity.
The rotational inertia of planet Earth fixes the constancy of the length of a day.
The rotational inertia of planet Earth fixes the constancy of the length of a year.
Albert Einstein extended the principle of inertia further.
Albert Einstein explained that reference frames subject to constant acceleration were physically equivalent to inertial reference frames.
Reference frames subject to constant acceleration include those free-falling toward a gravitating object.
Astronauts experience weightlessness when in free-fall orbit around the Earth.
Newton's Laws of Motion are more easily discernible in free-fall orbit environments.
An astronaut can place an object with mass in mid-air next to himself.
The object with mass will remain stationary with respect to the astronaut.
The reason the object with mass remains stationary with respect to the astronaut is due to its inertia.
The same thing would occur if the astronaut was in intergalactic space.
The same thing would occur if the object was in intergalactic space.
There was no net force of gravity acting on the shared reference frame of the astronaut and the object.
The principle of equivalence was one of the foundational underpinnings for the development of the general theory of relativity.
Newton's Second Law asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to force.
Newton's Second Law asserts the inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass.
Accelerations can be defined.
Accelerations can be defined through kinematic measurements.
Kinematics are well-described through reference frame analysis in advanced physics.
There are still deep questions that remain about the proper definition of mass.
General relativity offers an equivalence between space-time and mass.
There is a lack of a coherent theory of quantum gravity.
It is unclear how the connection between space-time and mass is relevant on microscales.
It is unclear whether the connection between space-time and mass is relevant on microscales.
Newton's second law can be taken as a quantitative definition of mass with some justification.
Newton's second law can be written as an equality.
The relative units of force and mass are then fixed.
Newton's Third Law is a result of applying symmetry to situations.
Forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects.
The third law means that all forces are interactions between different bodies.
There is no such thing as a unidirectional force.
There is no such thing as a force that acts on only one body.
Whenever a first body exerts a force F on a second body, the second body exerts a force -F on the first body.
The force exerted by the first body is F.
The force exerted by the second body is -F.
F and -F are equal in magnitude.
F and -F are opposite in direction.
This law is sometimes referred to as the action-reaction law.
F is called the 'action'.
−F is called the 'reaction'.
The action occurs simultaneously with the reaction.
The action and the reaction are two distinct events.
In a closed system of particles, there are no internal forces that are unbalanced.
The action-reaction force is shared between any two objects in a closed system.
The action-reaction force will not cause the center of mass of the closed system to accelerate.
The constituent objects only accelerate with respect to each other.
The system itself remains unaccelerated.
If an external force acts on the system, then the center of mass will experience an acceleration.
The acceleration of the center of mass is proportional to the magnitude of the external force.
The acceleration of the center of mass is divided by the mass of the system.
Forces are perceived as pushes or pulls.
The perception of forces as pushes or pulls can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces.
The intuitive understanding of forces is quantified using precise operational definitions.
The precise operational definitions are consistent with direct observations.
The precise operational definitions are compared to a standard measurement scale.
Through experimentation, researchers determined that laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with the conceptual definition of force.
The conceptual definition of force is offered by Newtonian mechanics.
Forces act in a particular direction.
Forces have sizes that are dependent upon how strong the push is.
Forces have sizes that are dependent upon how strong the pull is.
Forces have certain characteristics.
Forces are classified as vector quantities because of these characteristics.
Forces follow a different set of mathematical rules than physical quantities.
Physical quantities that do not have direction are denoted as scalar quantities.
When determining what happens when two forces act on the same object, it is necessary to know the magnitude of both forces.
When determining what happens when two forces act on the same object, it is necessary to know the direction of both forces.
The magnitude and direction of both forces are needed to calculate the result.
Both of these pieces of information are not known for each force.
The situation is ambiguous.
Two people are pulling on the same rope.
The magnitudes of force exerted by the two people are known.
The direction in which each person is pulling is unknown.
It is impossible to determine the acceleration of the rope.
The two people could be pulling against each other as in tug of war.
The two people could be pulling in the same direction.
In this simple one-dimensional example, it is impossible to decide whether the net force is the result of adding the two force magnitudes.
In this simple one-dimensional example, it is impossible to decide whether the net force is the result of subtracting one force magnitude from the other.
The direction of the forces is unknown in this simple one-dimensional example.
Associating forces with vectors avoids problems.
Historically, forces were first quantitatively investigated.
The investigation of forces occurred in conditions of static equilibrium.
In conditions of static equilibrium, several forces canceled each other out.
Such experiments demonstrate crucial properties of forces.
Forces are additive vector quantities.
Forces have magnitude.
Forces have direction.
When two forces act on a point particle, the resulting force can be determined.
The resulting force is called the resultant.
The resultant is also called the net force.
The resultant can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition.
The parallelogram rule of vector addition involves the addition of two vectors.
The two vectors are represented by the sides of a parallelogram.
The addition of the two vectors gives an equivalent resultant vector.
The equivalent resultant vector is equal in magnitude to the transversal of the parallelogram.
The equivalent resultant vector is equal in direction to the transversal of the parallelogram.
The magnitude of the resultant varies from the difference of the magnitudes of the two forces.
The magnitude of the resultant varies to the sum of the magnitudes of the two forces.
The variation of the magnitude of the resultant depends on the angle between the lines of action of the two forces.
If the forces are acting on an extended body, their respective lines of application must be specified.
The specification of the lines of application is necessary to account for their effects on the motion of the extended body.
Forces can be added.
Forces can be resolved into independent components.
The independent components of forces are at right angles to each other.
A horizontal force is pointing northeast.
The horizontal force can be split into two forces.
One of the forces is pointing north.
The other force is pointing east.
Summing the component forces using vector addition yields the original force.
Resolving force vectors into components of a set of basis vectors is often a more mathematically clean way to describe forces.
Using magnitudes and directions is a different method to describe forces.
The components of the vector sum are uniquely determined by the scalar addition of the components of the individual vectors.
The components are orthogonal.
Orthogonal components are independent of each other.
Forces acting at ninety degrees to each other have no effect on the magnitude of the other.
Forces acting at ninety degrees to each other have no effect on the direction of the other.
Choosing a set of orthogonal basis vectors is often done.
The choice of orthogonal basis vectors is made by considering what set of basis vectors will make the mathematics most convenient.
Choosing a basis vector that is in the same direction as one of the forces is desirable.
If a basis vector is in the same direction as one of the forces, that force would then have only one non-zero component.
Orthogonal force vectors can be three-dimensional.
The third component of orthogonal force vectors is at right-angles to the other two components.
Pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move.
The object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction.
Static friction is generated between the object and the table surface.
In a situation with no movement, the static friction force exactly balances the applied force.
The balancing of the static friction force and the applied force results in no acceleration.
The static friction increases in response to the applied force.
The static friction decreases in response to the applied force.
The increase or decrease of static friction occurs up to an upper limit.
The upper limit of static friction is determined by the characteristics of the contact between the surface and the object.
A static equilibrium between two forces is a common method of measuring forces.
Simple devices such as weighing scales and spring balances are used for measuring forces.
An object is suspended on a vertical spring scale.
The object experiences the force of gravity acting on the object.
The force of gravity is balanced by a force applied by the spring reaction force.
The spring reaction force equals the object's weight.
Some quantitative force laws were discovered using such tools.
The force of gravity is proportional to volume for objects of constant density.
The proportionality of the force of gravity to volume for objects of constant density has been widely exploited for millennia to define standard weights.
Archimedes' principle describes buoyancy.
Archimedes conducted an analysis of the lever.
Boyle's law describes gas pressure.
Hooke's law describes the behavior of springs.
These concepts were formulated.
These concepts were experimentally verified.
Isaac Newton expounded his Three Laws of Motion.
Dynamic equilibrium was first described by Galileo.
Galileo noticed that certain assumptions of Aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations.
Galileo noticed that certain assumptions of Aristotelian physics were contradicted by logic.
Galileo realized that simple velocity addition demands that the concept of an 'absolute rest frame' did not exist.
Simple velocity addition demands that the concept of an 'absolute rest frame' did not exist.
Galileo concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to rest.
The statement was contrary to Aristotle's notion of a 'natural state' of rest.
Aristotle's notion of a 'natural state' of rest is that objects with mass naturally approached this state.
Simple experiments showed that Galileo's understanding of the equivalence of constant velocity and rest was correct.
Galileo's understanding of the equivalence of constant velocity and rest was correct.
If a mariner dropped a cannonball from the crow's nest of a ship, the ship was moving at a constant velocity.
Aristotelian physics would have the cannonball fall straight down.
The ship would move beneath the cannonball.
In an Aristotelian universe, the falling cannonball would land behind the foot of the mast of a moving ship.
When the experiment is actually conducted, the cannonball always falls at the foot of the mast.
The cannonball falls at the foot of the mast as if the cannonball knows to travel with the ship.
The cannonball is separated from the ship.
There is no forward horizontal force being applied on the cannonball as the cannonball falls.
The only conclusion left is that the cannonball continues to move with the same velocity as the boat as the cannonball falls.
No force is required to keep the cannonball moving.
The cannonball is moving at a constant forward velocity.
A simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurs in constant velocity motion.
Constant velocity motion occurs across a surface with kinetic friction.
In such a situation, a force is applied in the direction of motion.
The kinetic friction force exactly opposes the applied force.
This situation results in zero net force.
The object started with a non-zero velocity.
The object continues to move with a non-zero velocity.
Aristotle misinterpreted the motion.
Aristotle believed the motion was caused by the applied force.
Kinetic friction is taken into consideration.
When kinetic friction is taken into consideration, it is clear that there is no net force.
There is no net force causing constant velocity motion.
The notion 'force' keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics.
In quantum mechanics, one is dealing with operators instead of classical variables.
The physics in quantum mechanics is described by the Schrödinger equation instead of Newtonian equations.
The results of a measurement are now sometimes quantized.
This situation has the consequence that the results of a measurement are quantized.
Discrete portions appear.
It is difficult to imagine the concept of 'forces'.
The potentials V(x,y,z) are treated similar to classical position variables.
The fields from which the forces can be derived are treated similar to classical position variables.
The forces can generally be derived from the potentials V(x,y,z) or fields.
It seems that the input provided is empty or incomplete.
Please provide a specific content or text that you would like to have decomposed into clear and simple propositions.
In quantum mechanics, there is one caveat.
The particles acting onto each other do not only possess the spatial variable.
The particles acting onto each other also possess a discrete intrinsic angular momentum-like variable called the spin.
The Pauli principle relates the space variable and the spin variable.
Identical particles can split into two different classes.
The two different classes of identical particles are fermions and bosons.
The splitting of identical particles into fermions and bosons depends on the value of the spin.
Two identical fermions exist.
The fermions are represented by the symbol 'e'.
Electrons have a symmetric spin function.
In parallel spins, the spatial variables must be antisymmetric.
They exclude each other from their places.
The exclusion occurs much as if there was a repulsive force.
The exclusion is reciprocal.
For antiparallel spins, the position variables must be symmetric.
The apparent force must be attractive.
In the case of two fermions, there is a strictly negative correlation between spatial variables and spin variables.
In the case of two bosons, the correlation between spatial variables and spin variables is different from that of two fermions.
Quanta of electromagnetic waves are called photons.
The correlation between quanta of electromagnetic waves and photons is strictly positive.
In modern particle physics, forces are explained as a mathematical by-product of the exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons.
In modern particle physics, the acceleration of particles is explained as a mathematical by-product of the exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons.
Momentum-carrying gauge bosons are exchanged in the explanation of forces and the acceleration of particles.
The development of quantum field theory occurred.
The development of general relativity occurred.
It was realized that force is a redundant concept.
The redundant concept of force arises from the conservation of momentum.
The conservation of momentum in relativity is referred to as 4-momentum.
The conservation of momentum in quantum electrodynamics involves the momentum of virtual particles.
The conservation of momentum can be directly derived from the homogeneity of space.
The conservation of momentum can be directly derived from the symmetry of space.
The conservation of momentum is usually considered more fundamental than the concept of a force.
The currently known fundamental forces are considered to be fundamental interactions.
The term 'fundamental interactions' is a more accurate description of the currently known fundamental forces.
When particle A emits virtual particle B, momentum conservation results in recoil of particle A.
The recoil of particle A creates an impression of repulsion between particles A and A'.
When particle A absorbs virtual particle B, momentum conservation results in recoil of particle A.
The recoil of particle A creates an impression of attraction between particles A and A'.
Virtual particle B is exchanged between particles A and A'.
This description applies to all forces arising from fundamental interactions.
The forces arise from fundamental interactions.
Sophisticated mathematical descriptions are needed to predict the accurate result of such interactions in full detail.
There is a conceptually simple way to describe such interactions through the use of Feynman diagrams.
In a Feynman diagram, each matter particle is represented as a straight line.
The straight line represents the world line of the matter particle.
The straight line travels through time.
The time normally increases up or to the right in the Feynman diagram.
Matter particles are identical to anti-matter particles except for their direction of propagation through the Feynman diagram.
The direction of propagation through the Feynman diagram distinguishes matter particles from anti-matter particles.
World lines of particles intersect at interaction vertices.
The Feynman diagram represents any force arising from an interaction.
The force occurs at the vertex.
The vertex is associated with an instantaneous change in the direction of the particle world lines.
Gauge bosons are emitted away from the vertex as wavy lines.
In the case of virtual particle exchange, gauge bosons are absorbed at an adjacent vertex.
All of the forces in the universe are based on four fundamental interactions.
The four fundamental interactions are the basis for all of the forces in the universe.
The strong force is a nuclear force that acts only at very short distances.
The weak force is a nuclear force that acts only at very short distances.
The strong and weak forces are responsible for the interactions between subatomic particles.
Subatomic particles include nucleons.
Subatomic particles include compound nuclei.
The electromagnetic force acts between electric charges.
The gravitational force acts between masses.
All other forces in nature derive from four fundamental interactions.
There are four fundamental interactions in nature.
Friction is a manifestation of the electromagnetic force acting between the atoms of two surfaces.
The Pauli exclusion principle does not permit atoms to pass through each other.
The forces in springs are modeled by Hooke's law.
The forces in springs are the result of electromagnetic forces acting together with the Exclusion Principle.
The electromagnetic forces and the Exclusion Principle act together to return an object to its equilibrium position.
Centrifugal forces are acceleration forces.
Centrifugal forces arise from the acceleration of rotating frames of reference.
The development of fundamental theories for forces proceeded along the lines of unification.
The unification involved disparate ideas.
Isaac Newton unified the force responsible for objects falling at the surface of the Earth.
Isaac Newton unified the force responsible for the orbits of celestial mechanics.
Isaac Newton's universal theory of gravitation explains the unification of these forces.
Michael Faraday demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces were unified through one consistent theory of electromagnetism.
James Clerk Maxwell demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces were unified through one consistent theory of electromagnetism.
In the 20th century, the development of quantum mechanics occurred.
The development of quantum mechanics led to a modern understanding.
The first three fundamental forces are all except gravity.
The first three fundamental forces are manifestations of matter.
Matter is represented by fermions.
Fermions interact by exchanging virtual particles.
Virtual particles are called gauge bosons.
The standard model of particle physics posits a similarity between the forces.
The standard model of particle physics led scientists to predict the unification of the weak and electromagnetic forces.
The unification of the weak and electromagnetic forces is described in electroweak theory.
Electroweak theory was subsequently confirmed by observation.
The complete formulation of the standard model predicts an unobserved Higgs mechanism.
Observations such as neutrino oscillations indicate that the standard model is incomplete.
A Grand Unified Theory allows for the combination of the electroweak interaction with the strong force.
A Grand Unified Theory is held out as a possibility.
Candidate theories such as supersymmetry have been proposed.
Supersymmetry is proposed to accommodate some of the outstanding unsolved problems in physics.
Physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models.
Self-consistent unification models would combine all four fundamental interactions.
The combination of all four fundamental interactions would result in a theory of everything.
Einstein tried at this endeavor.
Einstein failed at this endeavor.
The most popular approach to answering this question is string theory.
What is now called gravity was not identified as a universal force.
The work of Isaac Newton identified gravity as a universal force.
Before Isaac Newton, the tendency for objects to fall towards the Earth was not understood.
The tendency for objects to fall towards the Earth was not understood to be related to the motions of celestial objects.
Galileo was instrumental in describing the characteristics of falling objects.
Galileo determined that the acceleration of every object in free-fall was constant.
The acceleration of every object in free-fall was independent of the mass of the object.
Today, the acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the Earth is usually designated as g.
The magnitude of the acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the Earth is about 9.
81 meters per second squared is a measurement of acceleration due to gravity.
The measurement of 81 meters per second squared is taken from sea level.
The measurement of 81 meters per second squared may vary depending on location.
The acceleration due to gravity points toward the center of the Earth.
The observation means that the force of gravity on an object at the Earth's surface is directly proportional to the object's mass.
The force of gravity on an object at the Earth's surface is directly proportional to the mass of the object.
An object has a mass.
An object that has a mass will experience a force.
Newton came to realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways.
The observation of the effects of gravity might vary at larger distances.
Newton determined that the acceleration of the Moon around the Earth could be ascribed to the same force of gravity.
The acceleration due to gravity decreased as an inverse square law.
Newton realized that the acceleration due to gravity is proportional to the mass of the attracting body.
Combining these ideas gives a formula.
The formula relates the mass of the Earth to the gravitational acceleration.
The formula relates the radius of the Earth to the gravitational acceleration.
A dimensional constant is used in this equation.
The dimensional constant is used to describe the relative strength of gravity.
This constant has come to be known as Newton's Universal Gravitation Constant.
The value of Newton's Universal Gravitation Constant was unknown in Isaac Newton's lifetime.
Henry Cavendish was able to make the first measurement in 1798 using a torsion balance.
The measurement made by Henry Cavendish was widely reported in the press.
The measurement made by Henry Cavendish was reported as a measurement of the mass of the Earth.
Knowing the measurement could allow one to solve for the Earth's mass given the above equation.
Newton realized that all celestial bodies followed the same laws of motion.
Newton concluded that his law of gravity had to be universal.
Newton's Law of Gravitation states a principle about gravitational force.
The force on a spherical object of mass is due to the gravitational pull of mass.
Newton's Law of Gravitation seemed not to fully explain the orbit of the planet Mercury.
The planet Mercury has an orbit.
Some astrophysicists predicted the existence of another planet.
The name of the predicted planet is Vulcan.
The predicted planet Vulcan would explain the discrepancies.
Despite some early indications, no such planet could be found.
Albert Einstein formulated his theory of general relativity.
Albert Einstein turned his attention to the problem of Mercury's orbit.
Albert Einstein found that his theory added a correction.
The correction could account for the discrepancy in Mercury's orbit.
This was the first time that Newton's Theory of Gravity had been shown to be less correct than an alternative.
Newton's Theory of Gravity was shown to be less correct than an alternative.
General relativity has been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity.
In General Relativity, gravitation is not viewed as a force.
Objects moving freely in gravitational fields travel under their own inertia.
Objects moving freely in gravitational fields travel in straight lines through curved space-time.
Curved space-time is defined as the shortest space-time path between two space-time events.
From the perspective of the object, all motion occurs as if there were no gravitation.
The curvature of space-time can be observed when observing the motion in a global sense.
The force is inferred from the object's curved path.
The straight line path in space-time is seen as a curved line in space.
The curved line in space is called the ballistic trajectory of the object.
A basketball thrown from the ground moves in a parabola.
The basketball is in a uniform gravitational field.
The space-time trajectory is almost a straight line when the extra ct dimension is added.
The space-time trajectory is slightly curved.
The radius of curvature of the space-time trajectory is of the order of a few light-years.
The time derivative of the changing momentum of the object is labeled as gravitational force.
Gravitational force is defined as the time derivative of the changing momentum of the object.
The definition of electric current is the time rate of change of electric charge.
Lorentz's Law is a rule of vector multiplication.
Lorentz's Law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field.
The connection between electricity and magnetism allows for the description of a unified electromagnetic force.
The unified electromagnetic force acts on a charge.
This force can be written as a sum of the electrostatic force.
The electrostatic force is due to the electric field.
This force can be written as a sum of the magnetic force.
The magnetic force is due to the magnetic field.
This is the law.
The origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864.
James Clerk Maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations in 1864.
The set of 20 scalar equations was later reformulated into 4 vector equations.
Oliver Heaviside reformulated the set of 20 scalar equations into 4 vector equations.
Josiah Willard Gibbs reformulated the set of 20 scalar equations into 4 vector equations.
The Maxwell Equations fully describe the sources of the fields.
The sources of the fields are stationary charges.
The sources of the fields are moving charges.
The Maxwell Equations describe the interactions of the fields themselves.
Maxwell discovered that electric and magnetic fields could be self-generating.
The self-generating electric and magnetic fields were associated with a wave.
The wave traveled at a speed that Maxwell calculated.
The speed that Maxwell calculated was the speed of light.
This insight united the nascent fields of electromagnetic theory with optics.
The unification of electromagnetic theory and optics led directly to a complete description of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations proved troublesome.
The two observations are the photoelectric effect and the nonexistence of the ultraviolet catastrophe.
The photoelectric effect is one of the observations.
The nonexistence of the ultraviolet catastrophe is the other observation.
Leading theoretical physicists contributed to the development of a new theory of electromagnetism.
The new theory of electromagnetism was developed using quantum mechanics.
The final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics.
Quantum electrodynamics is also known as QED.
Quantum electrodynamics fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena.
Electromagnetic phenomena are mediated by wave–particles known as photons.
In Quantum Electrodynamics, photons are the fundamental exchange particles.
Photons describe all interactions relating to electromagnetism.
Photons include the electromagnetic force.
It is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges.
It is a common misconception to ascribe the rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges.
The repulsion of like charges is under the influence of the electromagnetic force.
These characteristics actually result from the Pauli exclusion principle.
The Pauli exclusion principle is a fundamental principle in quantum mechanics.
Electrons are fermions.
Fermions cannot occupy the same quantum mechanical state as other fermions.
Electrons in a material can be densely packed together.
When electrons in a material are densely packed together, there are not enough lower energy quantum mechanical states for all of the electrons.
Some of the electrons must be in higher energy states.
Packing the items together requires energy.
This effect is manifested macroscopically as a structural force.
The effect is technically only the result of the existence of a finite set of electron states.
The strong force acts directly upon elementary particles.
The strong force is a fundamental interaction in physics.
A residual of the force is observed between hadrons.
The best known example of the residual force is the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei.
The force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei is known as the nuclear force.
The strong force acts indirectly.
The strong force is transmitted as gluons.
Gluons form part of the virtual pi mesons.
Gluons form part of the virtual rho mesons.
Virtual pi mesons classically transmit the nuclear force.
Virtual rho mesons classically transmit the nuclear force.
More information can be found on this topic.
The failure of many searches for free quarks has been observed.
The elementary particles affected by the searches for free quarks are not directly observable.
The phenomenon is called color confinement.
The weak force is due to the exchange of heavy W bosons.
The weak force is due to the exchange of heavy Z bosons.
The most familiar effect of beta decay is the decay of neutrons in atomic nuclei.
Beta decay is associated with radioactivity.
The word 'weak' derives from a specific fact.
The field strength is some 10^13 times less than that of the strong force.
The force is stronger than gravity over short distances.
A consistent electroweak theory has been developed.
The consistent electroweak theory shows that electromagnetic forces and the weak force are indistinguishable.
Electromagnetic forces and the weak force are indistinguishable at temperatures in excess of approximately 1015 kelvins.
Such temperatures have been probed in modern particle accelerators.
The temperatures show the conditions of the universe in the early moments of the Big Bang.
The normal force is due to repulsive forces of interaction between atoms.
The repulsive forces of interaction occur at close contact between atoms.
When the electron clouds of two objects overlap, Pauli repulsion follows.
Pauli repulsion is due to the fermionic nature of electrons.
Pauli repulsion results in a force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between the two objects.
The normal force is responsible for the structural integrity of tables.
The normal force is responsible for the structural integrity of floors.
The normal force is the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object.
An example of the normal force in action is the impact force on an object.
The object is crashing into an immobile surface.
Tension forces can be modeled using ideal strings.
Ideal strings are massless.
Ideal strings are frictionless.
Ideal strings are unbreakable.
Ideal strings are unstretchable.
Ideal pulleys can be combined with other components.
Ideal pulleys allow ideal strings to switch physical direction.
Ideal strings transmit tension forces instantaneously in action-reaction pairs.
If two objects are connected by an ideal string, any force directed along the ideal string by the first object is accompanied by a force directed along the ideal string in the opposite direction by the second object.
By connecting the same string multiple times to the same object, the tension force on a load can be multiplied.
The set-up uses movable pulleys.
For every string that acts on a load, another factor of the tension force in the string acts on the load.
Such machines allow for an increase in force.
There is a corresponding increase in the length of string that must be displaced in order to move the load.
The tandem effects result in the conservation of mechanical energy.
The work done on the load is the same no matter how complicated the machine.
Newton's laws were first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles.
Newtonian mechanics in general was first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles.
Newton's laws were not developed to describe how forces affect three-dimensional objects.
Newtonian mechanics in general was not developed to describe how forces affect three-dimensional objects.
In real life, matter has extended structure.
Forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of that object.
In situations where the lattice holding together the atoms in an object is able to flow, contract, expand, or otherwise change shape, the theories of continuum mechanics describe the way forces affect the material.
The lattice holding together the atoms in an object is able to flow.
The lattice holding together the atoms in an object is able to contract.
The lattice holding together the atoms in an object is able to expand.
The lattice holding together the atoms in an object is able to change shape.
The theories of continuum mechanics describe the way forces affect the material.
In extended fluids, differences in pressure result in forces being directed along the pressure gradients.
The relevant cross-sectional area is used for the volume.
The stress-tensor is being calculated for the volume.
This formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area.
The pressure terms are represented by the matrix diagonals of the tensor.
This formalism includes shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area.
The shear terms are represented by the off-diagonal elements of the tensor.
The stress tensor accounts for forces that cause strains.
Strains are also known as deformations.
The stress tensor includes tensile stresses.
The stress tensor includes compressions.
Torque is the rotation equivalent of force.
Angle is the rotational equivalent for position.
Angular velocity is the rotational equivalent for velocity.
Angular momentum is the rotational equivalent for momentum.
Newton's First Law of Motion states that all bodies maintain their angular momentum unless acted upon by an unbalanced torque.
There exists rotational inertia.
Rotational inertia ensures that all bodies maintain their angular momentum.
Newton's Second Law of Motion can be used to derive an analogous equation.
The analogous equation is for the instantaneous angular acceleration of the rigid body.
The mass of the object is represented by the variable m.
The velocity of the object is represented by the variable v.
The distance to the center of the circular path is represented by the variable r.
The unit vector pointing in the radial direction outwards from the center is represented by the variable u.
The unbalanced centripetal force is felt by any object.
The unbalanced centripetal force is always directed toward the center of the curving path.
Such forces act perpendicular to the velocity vector associated with the motion of an object.
Such forces do not change the speed of the object.
The speed of the object is the magnitude of the velocity.
Such forces only change the direction of the velocity vector.
The unbalanced force accelerates an object.
The unbalanced force can be resolved into a component that is perpendicular to the path.
The unbalanced force can be resolved into a component that is tangential to the path.
The process yields both the tangential force and the radial (centripetal) force.
The tangential force accelerates the object.
The tangential force can either slow the object down or speed the object up.
The radial (centripetal) force changes the direction of the object.
A conservative force acts on a closed system.
A conservative force has an associated mechanical work.
The associated mechanical work allows energy to convert only between kinetic forms.
The associated mechanical work allows energy to convert only between potential forms.
A closed system is defined.
The net mechanical energy is conserved in a closed system.
The conservation of net mechanical energy occurs whenever a conservative force acts on the closed system.
The force is related directly to the difference in potential energy between two different locations in space.
The force can be considered to be an artifact of the potential field.
The direction and amount of a flow of water can be considered to be an artifact of the contour map of the elevation of an area.
For certain physical scenarios, it is impossible to model forces.
Forces cannot be modeled as being due to the gradient of potentials in certain physical scenarios.
The phenomenon is often due to macrophysical considerations.
Macrophysical considerations yield forces.
Forces arise from a macroscopic statistical average of microstates.
Friction is caused by the gradients of numerous electrostatic potentials between the atoms.
Friction manifests as a force model.
The force model of friction is independent of any macroscale position vector.
Nonconservative forces include other contact forces.
Nonconservative forces include tension.
Nonconservative forces include compression.
Nonconservative forces include drag.
Friction is a type of nonconservative force.
All sufficiently detailed descriptions indicate that all these forces are the results of conservative forces.
Each of these macroscopic forces is the net result of the gradients of microscopic potentials.
The connection between macroscopic nonconservative forces and microscopic conservative forces is described by a detailed treatment.
The detailed treatment involves statistical mechanics.
In macroscopic closed systems, nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system.
Nonconservative forces are often associated with the transfer of heat.
The Second law of thermodynamics states that nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems.
Energy transformations within closed systems occur from ordered conditions to more random conditions.
Entropy increases as energy transformations occur within closed systems.
The pound-force has a metric counterpart.
The metric counterpart of the pound-force is the kilogram-force.
The kilogram-force is less commonly used than the newton.
The kilogram-force is sometimes referred to as kilopond.
The kilogram-force is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass.
The kilogram-force leads to an alternate unit of mass.
The alternate unit of mass is the metric slug.
The metric slug is sometimes referred to as a mug.
The metric slug is sometimes referred to as a hyl.
The metric slug is that mass that accelerates at 1 m·s−2 when subjected to a force of 1 kgf.
The kilogram-force is not a part of the modern SI system.
The kilogram-force is generally deprecated.
The kilogram-force still sees use for some purposes.
The kilogram-force is used for expressing aircraft weight.
The kilogram-force is used for expressing jet thrust.
The kilogram-force is used for expressing bicycle spoke tension.
The kilogram-force is used for expressing torque wrench settings.
The kilogram-force is used for expressing engine output torque.
Other arcane units of force include the sthène.
The sthène is equivalent to 1000 N.
Other arcane units of force include the kip.
The kip is equivalent to 1000 lbf.
